# 1.13.69 (CS) Timber Stop (With Padlock) of Test Track

## 1. Introduction

The works is planned to be commenced in Jun to Jul 2024. The construction works including Place timber stop in 'X' arrangement with padlock to rails at CH1852 and Paint 20m of sleepers in red + 20m of sleepers in yellow from CH1852 to CH1812. Test Track Closure East End GL51 Plastic tubular barriers 6. 20m Paint sleeper in yellow colour.

## 2. Reference Documents

Nil

## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

The works will be carried out by our sub-contractor and supervise by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full time CP (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site, 1 CP will be appointed for 20 workers at same work area. All worker should possess the qualification Railway Safety Training (RSI). Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site. Lookoutman will be adopted (If necessary).

## 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:

| Company | Name | Position |
| ------- | ---- | -------- |
| CSHK | LI Shek Chau, Vincent | Construction Manager |
| CSHK | CHUNG Ying Na, Nana | Assistant Construction Manager |
| CSHK | WONG Li Martin Bowie | Assistant Construction Manager |
| CSHK | LAM Toi Wai, David | Senior Engineer |
| CSHK | TSANG Kwok Ming | Engineer |
| CSHK | MAN Kwun Yu Edmond | Engineer |
| CSHK | LI Wenguang | Engineer |
| CSHK | ZHAO Jing, Kingsley | Assistant Engineer |
| CSHK | LI Man Hin | Graduate Engineer |
| CSHK | CHEUNG Siu Kei | Superintendent (WPIC) |
| CSHK | YEUNG Kim Ming | Deputy General Foreman |
| CSHK | TO Chi Kuen Jacky | Foreman |
| CSHK | TBC | CP(T) |

## 5. Programme and Working Hours

The work will be carried out in NPH from 11:00-15:00 am daily or 7:00-10:00, from Monday to Saturday, subject to coordination and approval of the Depot Yard Master (DYM). Preparation works will be carried out in TH/NPH.

## 6. Plant, Equipment & Material

All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. Four workers will be assigned to transport a Timber Stop.

| Item | Material | Size (m) | Quantity | Weight (kg) |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- | ----------- |
| 1 | Timber Stop | 1.6 | 2 | 38 |

## 7. Traffic and Security Management

The access to the site shall be as follows:
- Worker Verification: All workers will be picked up at designated area such as Tung Chung Station. Take the shuttle bus to the OYB construction site. During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. List of workers shall be submitted for MTR for registration before starting of works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.
- Identify the color of the safety helmet.

## 8. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

### 8.1 Construction Methods

- Place timber stop in 'X' arrangement with padlock to rails at CH1852.
- Paint 20m of sleepers in red + 20m of sleepers in yellow from CH1852 to CH1812.
  1. Setting out the chainage, paint the sleepers in red and yellow color. Before painting, use plastic sheet to protect the track structure to prevent it from being contaminated by paint.
  2. According to the required time, place the timber stop.

### 8.2 Work Time

The work will be carried out on 30/6/2024 - 1/7/2024 (Sun - Mon) 1:30am-5:00am. Preparation works will be carried out in TH.

## 9. Safety

The Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Manager together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment. All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI).

## 10. Environmental

- Works should be carried out during 0700 to 1900 on normal working days. No PME will be used after 19:00 on normal working days and Sundays and public holiday with unless with a valid construction noise permit (CNP). The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).
- ULSD diesel will be used in all PME.
- Plant with QPME label will be deployed, if available.
- All chemicals will be placed on drip trays.
- For site clearance, water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation.
- Waste water treatment and discharge will be installed on site. The details shall refer to Method statements under separate submission.
- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site.

## 11. Quality Control

To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents. Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and/or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate. All materials used should be approved by Project Manager.

## 12. Appendices

- Appendix A - Risk Assessment
- Appendix B - Paint Material - Flower Synthetic Enamel
- Appendix C - ITP