# Method Statement for Rail Cutting of Under Frame Wash Facility Track

## 1. Introduction

This method statement describes the method and work sequence for rail cutting and removal of Under Frame Wash Facility track to isolate it from the existing depot rail system. W11E shall be fenced off and established as a Construction Area (CA) for Contract 1701 foundation works after completion of track removal. Under Frame Wash Facility Track (W11E) This document shall be distributed to relevant parties to introduce the work scopes, to present the sequence of works and to define the associated responsibilities to ensure the health, safety, environment, and quality parameters are adhered to. The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated where necessary based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.

## 2. Reference Documents

- General Specification for Civil Engineering Works
- Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works
- Scope for Contract 1701

## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

The works shall be carried out by a specialist contractor and supervised by CSHK’s foreman and CP(T).

## 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:

| Company | Name | Position |
| ------- | ---- | -------- |
| CSHK | Rock Mak Tung Chau | Construction Manager |
| CSHK | Anthony He Fengqiao | Asst. Construction Manager |
| CSHK | Nick Wang Siyang | Asst. Construction Manager |
| CSHK | David Wong Yiu Ho | Senior Engineer |
| CSHK | Lau Ming Jun | Engineer |
| CSHK | Cheung Siu Kei | Superintendent |
| CSHK | Ng Ho Lun | Senior Foreman |

## 5. Programme and Working Hours

The tentative work commencement date is July 2024. The general working hours shall be from 0800 to 1900 daily, from Monday to Saturday. Initial rail cutting will be conducted during Non-Traffic Hours (NTH). However, it may be required to carry out works from 1900 to 2300 daily including Sundays and Public Holidays under urgent circumstances. CSHK shall check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit requirement.

## 6. Plant, Equipment & Material

All plants and equipment shall be inspected to ensure safe working condition and comply with current site regulations prior to site mobilization and work commencement. The major plants and equipment to be deployed for carrying out the works are as follows:

| Plant/Equipment | Quantity |
| --------------- | -------- |
| Rail Saw Cutter (Disc/Band) | 1 |
| Crane Lorry | 1 |

| Manpower | Quantity |
| -------- | -------- |
| General Labour | 3 |
| Foreman | 1 |
| CP(T) | 1 |

## 7. Construction Methods/Construction Sequence

### Preparation

1. If existing MTR equipment/material are found nearby during condition survey, they shall be fenced off and protected. This action shall be recorded and liaised with MTR. Site formation and site clearance shall be carried out as per separate method statement submitted.
2. Prior to work commencement, work scope by other contractors shall be completed before Contract 1701 can proceed with rail cutting. Refer to table below for sequence of work:

| Sequence | Work Scope | Contract |
| -------- | ---------- | -------- |
| 1 | Relocation of Depot Train | Depot |
| 2 | Decommissioning of OHL Facilities and Installation of Clamp & Scotch | 1745 |
| 3 | Decommissioning of Track Signalling System | 1252 |
| 4 | Rail Cutting and Removal of Rail Offsite | 1701 |

### Work Sequence

1. The position of initial rail cutting is set at 4.41m westward from chainage CH377.54 (Signal Faulting Point) of Under Frame Wash Facility track at gridline GL 100. The position shall be marked by spray painting on rail.

2. The initial rail cutting position shall be fenced off with plastic barriers following the layout below. The placement of plastic barriers shall not be positioned beyond the signal fouling point.

3. Before commencement of rail cutting work, hot work permit shall be applied and obtained from depot management. Rail cutting area shall be prepared with all necessary hot work safety facilities following MTR guidelines, and a fire marshal shall be on standby.

4. The rail saw cutter shall be clamped onto the rail to ensure stability and to provide a linear cut.

5. Once clamp is secured, rail cutting shall commence. Water shall be sprayed periodically on grass area at both sides of track during rail cutting work to prevent ignition of dry grass fire.

6. After initial rail cutting has been completed, the plastic barriers shall be arranged following the layout below and filled with water to enclose the subsequent working zone for cutting and removal of remaining Under Frame Wash Facility track. The arrangement of water-filled barriers shall not obstruct the level crossing.

7. The remaining Under Frame Wash Facility track rail shall be cut using flame cutting method into 12m segments. The flame cutting work shall be carried out starting from the eastern end of the track and heading towards the west.

8. When entire length of remaining track has been divided into 12m segments, the rail clips shall be removed from the rail shoulder by using a panpuller.

9. With the rail clips removed, a crane lorry shall be utilized to lift and remove all 12m rail segments offsite for disposal. The maximum lifting radius involved is 18m. According to the load chart, the safe working load at 18m is 3 tons. Each rail segment shall have an approximate weight of 0.7 tons.

10. Once entire track has been removed, area W11E shall be fenced off and established as a Construction Area (CA).

## 8. Safety

Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.

## 9. Environmental

1. General works shall be carried out during normal working hours from 0800 to 1900. No works shall be carried out after 1900 on normal working days, Sunday and/or Public Holidays without a valid construction noise permit (CNP).
2. ULSD diesel shall be used in all PMEs.
3. Plants with QPME label shall be employed, if available.
4. Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label shall be used.
5. All chemicals shall be placed on drip trays.
6. The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP).

## 10. Quality Control

Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.

## 11. Appendices

- Appendix A - Risk Assessment
- Appendix B - Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)
- Appendix C - Plant/Equipment Catalogue
- Appendix D - Emergency Contact List