# EDOC for RP Fencing Installation (South Side)

## 1. **Introduction**

Refer to 2nd HAZOP Meeting, dated on 22 Mar 2024 & 26 Mar 2024, enclosed herewith the EDOC Application for RP Fencing Installation (South Side), and associated hazard log, Meeting Minutes and presentation materials for your review.

## 2. **Scope of Works**

### 4. Description of works

#### 4.1 Title
Contract 1701 – RP Fencing Installation (South Side)

#### 4.2 Reason
Prior to the commencement of the bifurcation work at mainline and OYB station associated works, RP protective fence shall be installed prior to the commencement of piling and associated works.

#### 4.3 Description

##### A. GENERAL
1701 Contractor will carry out the RP fence installation as per correlated latest version of method statement under ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000339. Precaution measures for various potential risks/ situation have been reviewed and summarized in the hazard log referring to Appendix B.

##### B. WORKING TIME
Mainline: 3 Nos of NTH per week (2:00am to 4:00am);
Tentative Programme: May to October 2024

##### C. PREPARATION WORK

###### C.1 Temporary Connection Details for Existing RP Fence
Some wire mesh of the existing RP fence will be temporarily removed to allow the transportation of plants and materials to track side (proposed works locations), and then install the wire mesh with U-Clamp in NTH (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.1)

###### C.2 UU Detection
UU detection will be carried out before start of the works. (Details, please refer to separate submission ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000253).

###### C.3 Existing Signs Removal
Carrying out the site conditions survey with MTR to identify what existing signs will be maintained when install the new RP Fence. The affected existing signs will be installed at on the new RP fence with same chainage and positions (if possible). (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.3)

###### C.4 Existing Cable Troughs and Draw Pits
MTRCL Advance Work Contractor has diverted all cables from the existing cable trough onto the temporary cable brackets. Break the existing cable troughs by handheld breaker and pack into small size, remove it manually, and the existing cable drawing pits will be partially removed by portable hand-held breaker to provide the space for RP Fence Installation. (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.4)

###### C.5 Ground Levelling & Earthing Installation
Ground levelling and earthing installation will be carried out after the site clearance and cable trough, cable draw pit and signage removed. Granular sub-base or concrete blinding will be used for ground levelling depending on the actual site condition. (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.3.5)

###### C.6 Site Clearance
Site clearance shall be completed and existing ground shall be levelled up before commencement of RP fence installation.

###### C.7 Setting Out
The location of RP fence will be set out at the co-ordinates shown on the Construction Drawings or as agreed with MTR’s representatives on site. Once the location has been set out a joint inspection will be held with MTR’s representatives on site and other stakeholders. (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.4)

###### C.8 Trial Pit
Trial Pits will be carried out in accordance with Permit-to-Dig System before start of the works. For details, please refer to separate submissions ACC Ref. No. 170-W-000-CSC-760-000115.

###### C.9 Temporary Drainage System Supply
Wetsep will be set up when fencing / waterfilled barriers once installed.

###### C.10 Lifting Operation
The operator of crane lorry / mobile crane shall ensure a clear and unrestricted view of the load carried in prior to lifting works. The ground condition where lifting crane to be sit shall be checked to ensure to have adequate bearing capacity and the lifting load shall not exceed 80% of the safe lifting load of the lifting crane. Lifting supervisor will be engaged and the lifting zone will be fenced off. Lifting work required to lift above, over and in the close vicinity of the railway tracks and OHL, the relevant approved EDOC shall be followed.

###### C.11 Pre-construction survey
Pre-construction survey, Survey and UU detection will be carried out and completed before the commencement of the works, survey of existing MTR equipment at ground level. Reports to be submitted to MTR, showing the protections applying to the MTR equipment.

##### D. INSTALLATION PROCEDURE
The RP Fence Installation Works will be carried out in close proximity to the existing TCL mainline where proper railway protection measures need to be in place before commencement of any physical site works. Referring to (Library) Working Paper No.6 & the approved BUGN –Railway Protection, a minimum 4.5 m High RP Fence is required for construction activities that do not require plant / machinery with a high boom or where there are no overhead line (OHL) masts on that particular side of the track. A minimum 7 m high RP Fence is required for activities which require the use of plant / machinery with high booms adjacent to the existing RP Fence, or where the OHL masts are located on that side of the existing track. The minimum clearance between the RP Fence and the OHL line return wire is required to be at least 850 mm in any direction. (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.4)

##### E. EXISTING GATE RELOCATION
With reference to the approved BUGN, the southern side existing access gate 50.84U MAG shall be maintained at the same chainage / location once the new RP Fence has been installed. Approval shall be obtained from RP, SC-Air and TC before commencing the relocation works. The existing gate will be re-used and the relocation works shall be completed in the same NTH track access. (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.9)

##### F. LIFTING ARRANGEMENT
a. The crane lorry will set up in Works Area W1;
b. And then lift up the object 300mm from the ground, keep 3m distance from the object, hold 3 second;
c. Lift the concrete block over the existing RP fencing, then lower down the concrete 300mm above ground, and then swift the concrete to proposed locations slowly.
d. Lift the concrete block to proposed locations.
e. Lift the fence panels to the proposed alignment slowly, and two workers will assist that. One worker will use the tag line to control the position of RP Fence Panel; and the other worker will swift and hold the RP fence in right position. (Details, please refer to Appendix E, Para. 8.10)

##### G. MITIGATION MEASUREMENT
- No part of the mobile crane / crane lorry will work beyond the water-filled barriers and the maximum lifting load shall be <80% of S.W.L. (LA / LG must be counted in the lifting loading).
- All lifting operation by crane lorry / mobile crane, the mobile crane / crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended and the unsafe zone should be fenced off.
- Provision of sufficient lighting during lifting operation when necessary.
- Adequate barriers for the lifting safety zone shall be arranged.
- Crane lorry / mobile crane shall be set in position that its jib is pointing away from existing railway premises or facilities if reasonably practicable when idle such that possible collapse of jib would not fall onto nearby railway premises.
- CCTV and C-smart will be provided at Works Area W1 to enforce the site security (Details please refer to ACC Ref No.1701-W-000-CSC-760-000032).

#### 4.4 Application
RP fence installation at the mainline (South Side) shall be carried during NTH 2:00 am to 4:00 am

#### 4.5 Category
N/A

#### 4.6 In-house/Contract
CONTRACT 1701

#### 4.7 Estimated Cost
Under SHD Property Development Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

#### 4.8 Nature
Trial project carried out by HKTS Business Yes No

## 5. Name and Title of Responsible Parties

| Design Manager / Chief Construction Manager | Project Controller / Project Manager | Implementer / Senior Construction Manager | Maintainer / Asset Owner |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| CHONG Daniel Hing Pong Chief Design Manager – OYB | KOO Raymond Kai On Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil | KOO Raymond Kai On Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil | KOO Raymond Kai On Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil |

## 6. Implication on Safety

- Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s) Yes No
  - There are no Safety Critical System involved
- Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change Assessment Form is completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004) Yes No
  - There are no Safety Critical System involved
- Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related System(s)] Yes No
- Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System Related Change Assessment Form is completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004) Yes No
  - There are no Safety Critical System involved
- Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards Yes No
- Affecting Signal Sighting (ref. P/OD/SMS/028) Yes No
- Affecting maintenance or operational requirements e.g. Safety-related Application Conditions (SRAC) / Safe Operating Requirements (SOR) Yes No
- Submission of a paper to SAFTEC Yes No

## 7. Implication on Fire Safety

- Affecting / modifying on Fire Safety System(s) No
  - Smoking is not permitted on site.
  - Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited.
  - Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping.
  - Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each work front with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment.
  - Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures.
  - Grass cutting shall be arranged before any hot works.
- Implication to existing Fire Service Installations (FSIs) Yes No

## 8. Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work

This is not a safety critical / safety related works, but the following measures will be implemented to ensure safety.

1. Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation’s railway safety rules and procedures.
2. CP(T) or CP(NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for works carried out inside operating railway premises.
3. The 1701 Project Team CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.

## 9. Implication on Operating Procedures

No implication on operating procedures.

## 10. Statutory Submissions

1. S/EM-fss/MW/04(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Sprinkler System - Clause 10.10 & 10.17.
2. S/EM-fss/MW/03(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Fire Hydrant / Hose Reel System - Clause 7.1, 10.1, 11.13 & 11.14.
3. S/EM-fss/MW/02(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Automatic Fire Alarm and Detection System - Clause 4.1.10 to 4.1.13.

Are there any statutory submissions Yes No

If yes, please state the details:

The works in this EDOC are covered under the Building Ordinance. Statutory submissions with the Buildings Department are handled by CSHK. Construction drawings are attached in Appendix C.

## 11. Design Capacity / Design Limit

All design works are designed to MTR NWDSM, M&W specification and general specification, the related code of practice and HK regulations.

The temporary works for shoring support or working platform would be certified by nominated Temporary Works Co-ordinator (TWC), checked by TCPs and approved by MTR CWBU.

## 12. Electromagnetic Compatibility

No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.

## 13. Implementation, Inspection, Testing or Commissioning Instruction

- Prior to the commencement of works, the Contractor shall provide submission including detailed method statements with Inspection & Testing Plan (ITP) to MTR for approval.
- Before submission of EDOC, the method statement and ITP has been approved.
- The proposed work shall be inspected and checked by MTR CSHK team under related ITP procedure, and will be registered by digital RISC forms under iSuper system for quality control.
- All construction works shall be carried out according to the approved method statements and agreed safety plans and measures.

## 14. Design Standards / Manuals / Procedures / References

- Works to be designed and constructed to comply with the latest requirement of:
  - Contract 1701 Scope of Work
  - MTR New Work Design Standard Manual (NWDSM)
  - MTR Operation Division Safety Requirement and Information for Contractors
  - Operation Division Railway Safety Rule
  - Approved method statement

## 15. Environmental Management

The Contract shall follow all requirements and conditions set on Environmental Permit issued by EPD. All construction waste, dust and noise will be controlled during construction.

## 16. Configuration Management

N/A

## 17. Application to New Extension Projects

N/A

## 18. Other Concerns / Instructions

Prior to site construction, the Contractor shall conduct site survey, route verification and measurement.

## 19. Impact of the works

| Impact on | Responsible Parties (Name & Title) | Actions Required |
| --------- | --------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| 19.1 Operations Manuals / Procedures | N/A | N/A |
| 19.2 Maintenance Manuals / Procedures / Work Instructions/ Schedules | N/A | N/A |
| 19.3 Spare parts catalogues and stock levels | N/A | N/A |
| 19.4 Interfaced Systems | N/A | N/A |
| 19.5 Drawings, and schematic and wiring diagram if applicable | N/A | N/A |
| 19.6 Training for staff | N/A | N/A |
| 19.7 Registration of new assets | N/A | N/A |
| 19.8 Any other related matters (please specify) | N/A | N/A |

## 20. Incoming Goods Inspection (IGI) Requirements

- The contractor will be responsible for the inspection of all material prior to the installation on site.

## 21. FMECA

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items Yes No

If no, please provide justification.

The captioned works do not involve the above items.

## 22. Concept of Design (ConDes)

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items? If yes, Yes No please attach the ConDes to this EDoc. If no, please provide justification.

The captioned works do not involve the above items.

## 23. Safety Impact of Trackside Equipment Installation – SG Infringement

### 23.1 Is the gauging and clearance assessment required according to P/OD/AMS/041?

Yes No

If no, please provide justification.

### 23.2 Is the clearance requirement compiled with the requirement in S/NT-Saf/DS/01(01)?

Yes No

If no, please state the endorsed SAFTEC Paper number and/or approved Operations Engineering Standard (OES) Waiver Request number which has/have been obtained.

### 23.3 State whether the trackside installation of fixed equipment with potential hazard of Structure Gauge (SG) infringement during operations and maintenance.

Yes No

If yes, please quote the hazard log reference and/or the ASRisk ID.

The preventive / monitoring measure is stated in the hazard log in Appendix B to mitigate the potential hazard.

If no, please provide justification.

## 24. New / Modified Trackside Installation in EAL

Is earth/equipotential bond required to add or modify on the traction return rail?

No

If yes, please seek approval from EAL Bonding Review Working Group (EALBRWG) and attached the endorsed form as record.

If no, please provide justification.

No works in EAL

## Approval List for Works Requiring EDOC Approval

| Responsibilities | Name & Title | Signature | Date |
| ---------------- | ------------ | --------- | ---- |
| Prepared by (Designer or delegate) (SCM or delegate) | YIU Alex Chun Ting Sr Construction Engineer – Civil | | |
| Checked by (Design Manager or delegate) (SCM or delegate) | Adrian Tan Sr Construction Manager - Civil | | |
| Checked by (GM-PP&D(O) or delegate) | CHAN Taky Tsun Kei Chief Projs Plan & Dev Mgr (Ops) | | |
| Approved by (On behalf of CCB) | N/A | | |
| Approved and authorised by (Design Manager from HKTS only) | N/A | | |
| Approved by (Design Manager or CCM from CWBU / HKPBU) | CHONG Daniel Hing Pong Chief Design Manager – OYB KOO Raymond Kai On Chief Construction Manager – OYB | | |
| Independent Checked by (COAM / SOSoAM or delegate) | N/A | | |
| Endorsed by (Lead T&ES Representatives) | NG Patrick Chi Chung Lead Civil & Stn Fac Engg Mgr LUI William Ching Man Acting Lead Design Mgr-PWEngg | | |
| Authorised by (CSE(Ops) or COES&I) | CHAN HK Hing Keung Chief of Ops Engg Serv & Inno TANG Simon Siu Cheung DGM-Technical & Asset Engg | | |
| Endorsed by (Maintainer) | KOO Raymond Kai On Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil | | |
| Endorsed by (Asset Owner) | KOO Raymond Kai On Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil | | |
| Endorsed by (Head of Line Group Management / HTO or delegate) | LEE Andy Po Wing Chief Ops Mgr – AEL, TCL & DRL | | |

## Notes:

1. Applicable to works on the Operating Railway by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit.
2. Check is required by GM-PP&D(O) or delegates when (i) the work is Extension related (e.g. new lines) or (ii) the changes will be adopted in New Extension Projects as stated in Section 17; or (iii) when the work is major C&R works (e.g. station modification, ped-links etc).
3. Approval by relevant CCB(s) is required when works involves changes of software and configurations under the (P/OD/AMS/012) System Configuration Management and Change Control Procedure.
4. Approval by Design Manager(s) or Chief Construction Manager (CCM) from CWBU/HKPBU is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorisation by COES&I or CSE(Ops).
5. Independent Check is required
## Notes:

1. Applicable to works on the Operating Railway by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit.
2. Check is required by GM-PP&D(O) or delegates when (i) the work is Extension related (e.g. new lines) or (ii) the changes will be adopted in New Extension Projects as stated in Section 17; or (iii) when the work is major C&R works (e.g. station modification, ped-links etc).
3. Approval by relevant CCB(s) is required when works involve changes of software and configurations under the (P/OD/AMS/012) System Configuration Management and Change Control Procedure.
4. Approval by Design Manager(s) or Chief Construction Manager (CCM) from CWBU/HKPBU is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorization by COES&I or CSE(Ops).
5. Independent Check is required for works which affect/modify Safety Critical Systems or modify PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems] or for mitigating R1/R2 hazards of the Operating Railway; and shall be carried by Operations Assurance Section according to the scope of modification.
6. Approval by Design Manager(s) from HKTS is required for all works on the Operating Railway undertaken by HKTS.
7. Authorization from CSE(Ops)/COES&I on their respective discipline is required when the works are:
   - Affecting/modifying Safety Critical Systems, or
   - Modifying PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems]
   - Affecting the Fire Safety of the Railway, or
   - For mitigating R1/R2 hazards, or
   - Works on OR undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit.
8. Endorsement by Lead T&ES Representatives is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorization by COES&I or CSE(Ops). The Lead T&ES Representatives shall be identified based on the relevant discipline of the lead designer.
9. Endorsement by the relevant maintainer(s) is required when the works affect/introduce new maintenance procedures/practices.
10. Endorsement by the relevant Asset Owner is required when the works affect the cost of ownership for or life expectancy of the asset.
11. Head of Line Group Management’s delegated representatives are:
    a.) COM for modifications on (i) station-based systems for specific line and/or specific station(s) & (ii) train services related modifications;
    b.) Head of Traffic Operation (HTO) for modification on OCC migration systems and train service-related issues such as equipment alteration or new equipment provision which have an impact on the train service.
    Endorsement by (Head of Line Group Management/HTO)’s delegated representatives is required when the works affect railway operations or operating procedures.

## Engineering Drawings Affected by this Engineering Work

The following circuit diagrams shall be updated:

| Drawing Title | Drawing no. |
| ------------- | ----------- |
|               |             |
|               |             |
|               |             |
|               |             |
|               |             |
|               |             |
|               |             |

## Summary of Comment Sheet (Engineering Works No. : ZCV20347)

| EDOC Clause No. | Commented by (and Date) | Comments | Action (including the decision and rationale if the comment is not accepted) |
| --------------- | ----------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |
|                 |                         |          |                                                                           |

## Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)

| Appendix | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Appendix A | Programme |
| Appendix B | Hazard Log |
| Appendix C | Construction Drawing |
| Appendix D | BD Approval Drawing |
| Appendix E | Method Statement (extract section 8.1 to 8.14) |

---

**中國建築工程（香港）有限公司**  
**CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED**  
This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp.