# 1.13.57 (CS) Widening of The Fast Lane of Shun Long Road – The Section between SHW Depot and North Lantau Highway

## 1. Objective

The objective of this work is to improve the traffic condition, provision of additional space in fast lane to afford the future traffic growth of the road section. Moreover, road safety will be strengthened via the fast lane widening task. It is realized that road divider is currently consist of profile barrier and water-filled barrier to separate fast lane and slow lane independently. The slow lane is temporarily closed under TTA scheme while fast lane is opened for all road users. We would like to mobilize road divider according to our work plan under manual operation and plant operation. The fast lane will become 4.6m width eventually if work is proceeded successfully.

## 2. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

The works will be carried out by our direct labour and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. Since the work area is excluded from SHW Depot boundaries, there is no necessity to provide a full-time CP (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements). All workers do not enforce to obtain the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI). The rules and regulations as well as safety measures shall be in accordance with COP issued by HyD.

## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:

| Company | Name           | Position                  |
|---------|----------------|---------------------------|
| CSHK    | Vincent Li     | Construction Manager      |
| CSHK    | Nana Chung     | Assistant Construction Manager |
| CSHK    | Martin Wong    | Assistant Construction Manager |
| CSHK    | David Lam      | Senior Engineer           |
| CSHK    | Sam Tsang      | Engineer                  |
| CSHK    | Man Kwun Yu    | Engineer                  |
| CSHK    | Kingsley Zhao  | Assistant Engineer        |
| CSHK    | Li Man Hin     | Graduate Engineer         |
| CSHK    | Cheung Siu Kei | Superintendent (WPIC)     |
| CSHK    | Benny Yeung    | General Foreman           |
| CSHK    | Jacky To       | Foreman                   |
| CSHK    | Chan Man Hin   | Foreman                   |
| CSHK    | TBC            | CP(T)                     |

## 4. Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)

The works target is planned to be commenced on June 2024 and spend 4 consecutive workdays to complete the task.

- Programme & Working Hour:
  - Daywork (at least 4 consecutive workdays are required);
  - Working hour: 08:00 a.m. ~ 07:00 p.m.
  - 00 p.m. ~ 11:00 p.m. with valid CNP;
  - Target Completion Day: Begin at early June until the end of July 2024

| Item | Works                                              | TH/NPH/NTH |
|------|----------------------------------------------------|------------|
| 1    | Unload new water filled barriers at designated area | TH         |
| 2    | Set up new water filled barriers and fill up        | TH         |
| 3    | Relocate existing profile barrier toward slow lane  | TH         |
| 4    | Empty existing water filled barriers and take them out | NTH    |

All items mentioned above shall be controlled to occur inside current TTA area under safety assessment.

## 5. Resource, Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)

### Plant and Equipment Condition

The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow:

#### Stage 1 – New Formation of Water filled barrier (Daywork)

| Plant / Equipment               | Quantity (unit) |
|---------------------------------|-----------------|
| Crane Lorry (45T)               | 1               |
| Water Truck (Capacity: 3000L~5000L) | 1           |
| Telescoping Crawler Crane (6T)  | 1               |

#### Manpower

| Manpower            | Quantity (nos.) |
|---------------------|-----------------|
| General Worker      | 6               |
| Crane Operator      | 1               |
| Lifting Supervisor  | 1               |
| Rigger              | 2               |

#### Stage 2 - Relocation of Existing Profile Barrier (Daywork)

| Plant / Equipment               | Quantity (unit) |
|---------------------------------|-----------------|
| Telescoping Crawler Crane (6T)  | 1               |

#### Manpower

| Manpower            | Quantity       |
|---------------------|-----------------|
| General Labour      | 2               |
| Traffic Controller  | 1               |
| Operator            | 1               |

#### Stage 3 - For Removal of Existing Waterfilled Barrier (Nightwork)

| Plant / Equipment               | Quantity       |
|---------------------------------|-----------------|
| Crane Lorry (45T)               | 1               |
| Traffic control truck with Arrow board | 1       |
| Portable Light Tower            | 3               |

#### Manpower

| Manpower            | Quantity       |
|---------------------|-----------------|
| General Labour      | 8               |
| Crane Operator      | 1               |

## 6. Traffic and Security Management

### Worker Verification

- All workers will be picked up at designated area such as Tung Chung Station.
- During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification.
- The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card.
- List of workers shall be submitted for MTR for registration before starting of works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.

### Uniform and Safety Equipment

- All workers shall wear PPE and the standard uniform and safety helmet for easy recognition by security guards and YM.
- Reflective vest satisfied with HyD standard

### Preparation

- Prior to the commencement of the mobilization of road divider (waterfilled barrier), our survey team will provide numerous amount of graffiti marks on ground for our reference;
- All workers should possess the Code of Practice for the Lighting, Signing and Guarding of Road Works issued by HyD

## 7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

### Stage 1

#### Step 1 Daywork

New batch of empty water filled barriers are loaded on flatbed of crane lorry and transported to designated unloading point on Shun Long road slow lane surrounded by water. Workers distribute and set up new set of water barriers with respect to survey marking provided on road. Make sure that water drain hole at the bottom position should be faced to SHW depot.

#### Step 2 Daywork

Fill up empty water barrier. Water supply is gained from water tanker truck. Workers use accessories (hose reel) equipped on water truck to inject water upon fill hole on top. During the process, workers should monitor the water filled barrier alignment without beyond tolerance.

#### Step 3 Daywork

Check the quality of water filled barrier, screw up the cover to prevent the water leakage.

#### Step 4 Daywork

The barrier shall be placed in alternate red and white colours and connect together such that they stand out the construction site behind them and are visible by day and night.

#### Step 5 Daywork

Fill in the water to the maximum water level of every water filled barrier according to the operating instructions of the manufacturer.

#### Step 6 Daywork

Check whether the water level is between the lowest water level and the highest water level daily. If there is no water after a day, it means that the cover is loose or the barrier is broken, so we should tighten the cover or replace it with a new water-filled barrier.

#### Step 7 Daywork

6T telescoping crawler crane shall be used to relocate profile barrier at the bottom ground level near slope in order to create enough space for set-up new water filled barrier. Attach proper lifting gears upon two rigging points of every profile barrier. Double barrier is being lifted up, riggers should keep at least 3m clearance away from the barrier will move toward middle part of slow lane in 1m distance.

#### Step 8 Daywork

Repeat Step 1 to Step 7 until water filled barriers are full-loaded.

#### Step 9 Nightwork

Release drain hole at the bottom position of existing water-filled barrier to discharge water from inside to outside. A few moments later, workers shall manually take away empty water filled barrier upon flatbed of crane lorry/flatbed truck. A traffic vehicle with LED arrow board is required to stay behind and keep proper distance with ahead crane lorry/flatbed truck to prevent any residual risk. Repeat above step for several times until both empty water filled barriers are being removed. This work will take place at midnight for secure reason. The numbers of vehicles on road will drop significantly therefore the opportunities to be hit is reduced.

## 8. Safety (Risk Assessments)

Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Manager together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.

## 9. Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)

General works shall be carried out during normal hours from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm. No works will be carried out after 07:00 pm on Sunday or public holiday without approval construction noise permit.

- ULSD diesel will be used in all PME.
- Plant with QPME label will be employed, if available.
- All chemicals will be placed on drip tray.
- For site clearance, water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation.
- Waste water treatment and discharge will be installed on site. The details shall refer to the separate Method statement which will be submitted separately.

### Smoke Arrangement

- All workers can only smoke at designated area;
- All workers are forbidden to throw cigarette butts on the ground;

## 10. Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)

- Quality check for the water filled barrier once it delivered to site
- Checking the water-level of water filled barrier every day

## 11. Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)

- Appendix A – Risk Assessment
- Appendix B – Catalogue for Equipment
- Appendix C – Inspection and Test Plan
- Appendix D – Emergency Contact List