# 1.13.29 (CS) Site Clearance and Water Filled Barrier erection at W1

## 1. **Introduction**

This document provides an overview of the method statement for the execution of site clearance work at W1. The general working procedure includes weed removal and water filled barrier erection.

## 2. **Reference Documents**

Hong Kong Transport Services Unit Railway Safety Rules  
MTRCL Working Paper No.6-Railway Protection-Revision B-December 2022  
MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-(S2) Scope-Vol 4 (Book 4 of 9) Appendix AM-Clients Rules and Procedures for Working Within or Adjacent to the Railway  
MTRCL Contract 17-1 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works - Instructions TO Tenders  
MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-Contract Data

## 3. **Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor**

The works will be carried out by our direct labour and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. In addition, a WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.

## 4. **Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement**

CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:

| Company | Name           | Position                   |
|---------|----------------|----------------------------|
| CSHK    | Vincent Li     | Construction Manager       |
| CSHK    | Nana Chung     | Assistant Construction Manager |
| CSHK    | Lewis Ng       | Assistant Section Agent    |
| CSHK    | Johnson Chung  | Senior Engineer            |
| CSHK    | David Lam      | Senior Engineer            |
| CSHK    | Man Hin Li     | Grad. Engineer             |
| CSHK    | Kinsley Zhao   | Assistant Engineer         |
| CSHK    | Benny Yeung    | General Foreman            |
| CSHK    | Jacky To       | Foreman                    |

## 5. **Programme and Working Hours**

The major site works are targeted to commence in Mar 2024 and be completed by April 2024. The general working hours will be from 08:00-19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be necessary to carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays if required by the progress of the works subject to an approved CNP being obtained.

## 6. **Plant, Equipment & Material**

All plant and equipment will be inspected prior to mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with all current regulations. The major plant and equipment to be deployed to carry out the works are as follows:

| Plant/Equipment | Quantity |
|-----------------|----------|
| Crane Lorry     | 1        |
| 3T backhoe      | 1        |

| Manpower        | Quantity |
|-----------------|----------|
| Rigger          | 2        |
| Banksman        | 1        |
| Skilled labour  | 4        |
| Crane operator  | 3        |

## 7. **Construction Methods / Construction Sequence**

### 7.1 Scope of this method statement

General layout for W1. W1 area is shown above. As it is outside the existing railway fencing area and fully enclosed, it's not classified as an Operational Area and we propose that workers working in this Works Area are not required to have obtained RSI training. Due to the large amount of vegetation, workers will be deployed to clear the weeds and bushes before erection of the water filled barriers. If it is found that there are existing trees to be felled, MTR/Railway Protection shall be informed in advance. If there is risk affecting the safe operation of the Railway, it may be necessary to carry out tree removal during NTH of the Railway with MTR/Railway Protection in attendance.

### 7.2 Labour Access to W1

All workers will be picked up from a designated area such as Tung Chung Station. As workers board the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. A list of workers shall be submitted to MTR for registration before the start of works and shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested. All workers shall wear PPE and the standard uniform for easy recognition by security guards and the YM.

### 7.2.1 Plant Access to W1

A 3T backhoe will be mobilised to carry out the site clearance works which includes removing the weeds and garbage. A Banksman will supervise all plant movement to prevent any damage to the RP fencing. The weeds near the track area will be removed as soon as possible to mitigate any fire risk within close proximity to the railway. All removed vegetation will be temporarily stored at the skip near the gate access. Water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation and reduce fire risks. Firefighting equipment will also be provided for each front. To remove the cleared vegetation and garbage off site, CSHK will arrange a grab lorry to collect and dispose accordingly. Height checking for crane lorry will be conducted on site before lifting.

### 7.3 Water filled Barrier erection

After removal of the vegetation, water filled barriers will be erected along the RP fencing to act as buffer between the works area for future site works. The barrier shall be placed in alternate red and white colours and connected together such that they are clearly visible from the construction site by day and night. The water barriers shall be filled to the maximum water level according to the operating instructions of the manufacturer. As W1 is segregated from other works area, we will use a water truck or bowser to deliver the water for filling. Water filled barriers would also surround the column and abutment to protect the existing structures. To prevent unauthorised access onto the live Operating Railway area by using the water filled barriers as a means of access, the water filled barriers shall be fixed at least 2m away from the existing Railway Fence.

## 8. **Safety**

The Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.

## 9. **Environmental**

- General works shall be carried out during normal hours from 0800 to 1900. No works will be carried out after 1900 on weekdays, Sundays and public holiday without approval construction noise permit.
- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site.
- ULSD diesel will be used in all PME.
- QPME plant will be deployed if available.
- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).

## 10. **Quality Control**

To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents. Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with "Hold Points" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK's project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points. Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and /or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.

## 11. **Appendices**

Appendix A - Risk Assessment  
Appendix B - Catalogue for 3T backhoe  
Appendix C - Emergency Contact List