# 1.13.67 (CS) Method Statement of Demolition Works for East Gate House (AB26)
## 1. Introduction
This method statement describes the detail, sequence, and method for the demolition of the existing 21㎡ area 4.1m height gate house building AB26 at the east section of Siu Ho Wan Depot as shown in Drawings. The content of this document will be subject to review during the course of the work and may be amended if so required to suit the actual conditions, any change of the scope shall be reassessed to identify new risks associated with the work.
## 2. Reference Documents
General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited-2022) Scope for Contract 1701. Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works.
## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
CSHK is responsible to inspect, supervise and carry out the construction works. The responsible persons are listed below and be responsible for the activities:  | Name             | Position                    | |------------------|-----------------------------| | Yeung Wai Lun    | Assistant Project Director  | | CF Chan          | Construction Manager        | | Luqman Yung      | Construction Manager        | | Anthony He       | Assistant Construction Manager | | Nick Wang        | Assistant Construction Manager | | Cai Jin Tian, Tim| Engineer                    | | Andrew Mak       | Engineer                    | | Andrew Lo        | Graduate Engineer           | | Charles Xu       | Graduate Engineer           | | Leung Kwok Fung  | Safety Manager              | | WK Hui           | Safety Officer              | | Ernest Young     | Assistant Safety Officer    | | Lau Yu Tat       | Surveyor                    | | Cheung Siu Kei   | Superintendent              | | Ng Ho Lun        | Senior Foreman              | | Singh Nirdeep    | Foreman                     |  (a) Construction Manager  Responsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner.  (b) Site Engineer/Superintendent/Foreman  Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers.  (c) Safety Manager/Safety Officer  Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site.  (d) Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)  WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist. Additionally, the WPIC is tasked with delivering briefings to workers on site.  (e) Registered Electrical Workers (REW)  Workers who have valid certificate of registered electrical worker and completed MTR RSI training and obtain qualification.  (f) Workers  Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification.  (g) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))  CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence. Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspend for contingency/reasons. Please refer to Appendix E.
## 4. Programme and Working Hours
The method statement is applicable for the Demolition Works for East Gate House (AB26) under Contract 1701. The general working hours will be from 08:00-18:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday and expected to be completed within a week. It may be required to carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement. All the works shall be supervised by CP(T)/CP(NT) and supervised by WPIC during the approved working period at different areas, details are summarised in the below table. Competent Person for Demolition Works for East Gate House (AB26) shall be assigned and in the presence of works.  | Location of Works | Allowed Working Period          | Remarks           | |-------------------|---------------------------------|-------------------| | Mainline          | Non-Traffic Hour (02:00-04:00)  | 3 days per week   | | Test Track        | Night Shift (Exact time to be coordinated) | 3 days per week   | | Depot Track Area  | Non-Peak Hour (11:00-15:00) Night Shift (Exact time to be coordinated) |                   |
## 5. Plant, Equipment & Material
All equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. The major equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow and the technical specification is attached in Appendix D:  - Excavator mounted with hydraulic crusher - Hydraulic Cutter mounted on Excavator - Excavator mounted with Hydraulic Breaker - Wire-saw cut - Proposed 50-ton Mobile Crane
## 6. Works Methodology
### Preparation Works
1. Confirm no Asbestos with East Gate House AB26 Owner (OYB), and remove by Asbestos Specialist who registered under Section 51(1) of the Air Pollution Control Ordinance, HOKAS accreditation, or any other specialist who certificated legally (if necessary). 2. Decommissioning of Power cable, water duct, and any other BS item (under separate submission). 3. Setup CCTV Camera 4. Setup Plastic & Water-filled Barriers 5. Cover by Scaffolding
### STAGE 1
1. Remove and lift the external steel corrugate cladding by saw cut panel. (Ref. App. F) 2. Remove base anchor bolts and lift the steel wind posts and lower to ground. 3. Tie metal roofing sheet by mobile crane and remove the screws connecting the metal roofing sheet and purlin. Take down the metal roofing sheet to ground one at a time. 4. Tie each purlin in wires of mobile crane and cut the purlins by hand held tools. Lift and lower the purlins to ground one at a time.
### STAGE 2
1. Remove anchor bolts and secure the main frame rafters by mobile crane and lower to levelled ground. 2. Remove steel roof slab by machine with breaker, hydraulic crushed or other appropriate attachments. The slab shall be demolished in strips parallel to main reinforcement in one-way slab. 3. Lift up and lower the concrete sections and lower to ground section by section. 4. Remove the R.C wall by powered machine plant/manual method.
### STAGE 3
1. Remove on-grade slab by powered machine plant/manual method.
### STAGE 4
1. Excavate to the footings founding level on both side to fully expose the ground slab and footings. 2. Use hydraulic breaker to demolish the ground slab into smaller sections and cart away. 3. Backfill with approved material.
## 7. Safety
- All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager/Engineer/Safety Officer/Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. - A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Survey Team, Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix D. - To ensure the worker are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be provided before operation commence. Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets/sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Plastic barriers and reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencement to demarcate the working area. - Permit-to-Dig system shall be implemented and strictly followed to mitigate the risk of damages to underground utilities. Relevant valid underground utilities plans shall be obtained and cable detection shall be conducted by competent person before commencement of works. Briefing shall be conducted to workers to acknowledge them on the underground utility conditions at the works area and precautions required. The proposed working area should be marked physically on site by CP. - Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works/Supervisors inspection in the Trial Pit. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landing place. - Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix E. The risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix C.
## 8. Environmental
The following mitigation measures will be followed: - Works should be carried out during 0700 to 1900 on normal working days. No PME will be used after 19:00 on normal working days and Sundays and public holiday with unless with a valid construction noise permit (CNP). - Breaker tip will be wrapped by acoustic material. - Excavated soil shall be stocked pile at designated area and covered properly by tarpaulin or accepted means to prevent dust generation and reused on site prior to disposal. - ULSD Diesel will be used in all PME. - Plant with QPME label will be employed if available. - Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site. - All chemicals will be placed on drip tray. - The wastewater will be diverted to wastewater treatment facility and/or desilting tank for treatment in accordance with parameters stipulated in the Discharge Licence requirements prior to discharge at designated discharge point(s). - The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).
## 9. Quality Control
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan. For work activity which is classified as “Quality Hold Point”, no subsequent work can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR's inspectorate.
## 10. Appendices
A. East Gate House (AB26) location plan B. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) C. Risk Assessment D. Technical Specification for Equipment and Plants E. Emergency Contact List F. Logistic Plan