# 1.13.66 (CS) Method Statement - Construction of Road Works and Drainage Works at Access Road A and Access Road B (CA)
## 1. **Introduction**
This method statement only describes the method and sequence of Construction of Road work and Drainage work at Access Road A and Road B (CA). The works described within this method statement is outlined below: - Trial Pit/Trench Excavation - Site Formation Work - Drainage System Installation Work - Road Pavement Construction for Permanent Carriageway - Road Kerb, Barrier and Pavement Block Installation - Permanent Pedestrian Footpath - Road Facilities Installation (Permanent and Temporary)
## 2. **Reference Documents**
- General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited-2023) - Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works - Contract Drawings (Referred to Appendix A) - Drawings for Typical ELS for 2.5m and 3.3m Excavation Depths (Referred to Appendix B) - Design Drawings for Open Cut and ELS for Road and Drainage Works (Referred to Appendix D) - TTA Drawings for Drainage Works (Referred to Appendix E)
## 3. **Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor**
Sub-contractor procurement is ongoing and shall be provided separately once awarded.
## 4. **Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement**
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities: - Ted Leung - Construction Manager - Johnson Fung - Deputy Construction Manager - Li Yuk Wa - Assistant Construction Manager - Jack Wong - Engineer - Andy Lo - Engineer - Andrew Lo - Graduate Engineer - Kyle Lai - Graduate Engineer - Cheung Siu Kei - Superintendent - Kong Tse Ho - General Foreman - Wong Yu Fung - Senior Foreman - Pun Chi Ho - Foreman - So Ying Pui - Foreman  Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspend for contingency reasons. Please refer to Appendix G.
## 5. **Programme and Working Hours**
The works target to be commenced in mid-June 2024. The general working hours will be from 08:00-19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be required to carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement.
## 6. **Plant, Equipment & Material**
All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follows: - 3-ton to 30-ton Excavator with breaker: 2 - Vibratory Hammer: 1 - Crane Lorry: 2 - Dump Truck: 2 - Concrete Truck: 2 - Generator: 1 - Handheld breaker: 4 - Portable generator: 4 - Sump pump: 2 - Handheld tools including (hammer driver drill, angle grinder, screwdriver, jig saw, cut-out tool, etc.): 8  Manpower: - CP(NT): 1 - Rigger: 2 - Banksman: 2 - Plant operator: 2 - Carpenter: 4 - Labour: 6 - Dump truck driver: 2 - Concrete truck driver: 2  Materials: - Concrete: TBC - Reinforcement: TBC - Filling materials: TBC - Precast Concrete / Vitrified Clay / Ductile Iron Pipes: TBC
## 7. **Construction Methods / Construction Sequence**
### 7.1 Preparation
- Identify the existing MTR facilities at or within construction site, such as manhole cover, cable draw pits. If we find any MTR existing equipment/material, we will fence off the existing MTR facilities as the protective measures. - Conduct the underground utilities survey and photographic record to locate any UUs before any excavation works. Permit to dig system will be implemented to ensure there is no damage to the existing UUs before commencement of works. - Site clearance for above ground will be carried out with the use of grab lorry, as per the approved method statement, Installation of Water Filled Barrier at W3 and W7 Erection of Container and Site Office at W7 Site Clearance at W3 (ACC Reference Number: 1701/W/000/CSC/000053). - For all types of lifting appliance being used for lifting operation onsite, the Permit to Lift will be applied in accordance with the Lifting Matrix. A lifting supervisor is to be assigned to direct supervise the operation and complete the Permit to Lift. - Prior to commence the works, CSHK will provide the information to MTR CWBU Inspector, in order to submit the work notice to SOC/DCC every Friday.
### 7.2 Prior to excavation Commencement
- Activity: Implementation of Permit to Dig - Method: Inspect the Site Condition and Brief the involved Staff & Workers prior to any Site Works - Controls: Permit to Dig shall be issued prior to excavation.
### 7.3 Preparation work, Underground Utility Detection and Trial Pits Excavation
- Activity: Cable Detection by a Competent Person (CP) - Method: Carry out Cable Detection by a Competent Person (CP) to Locate the Alignment of Underground Utilities - Controls: Issue the “Passive/Active Detection Report" prior to Excavation.  - Activity: Conduct Toolbox Talks to Workers before Commencement - Method: The CP and our site supervisors will conduct toolbox talks to related Workers before commencement of works - Controls: Remind Workers the Cable Alignment, Digging Method and Precautionary Measures.
### 7.4 Construction of Manhole
- Activity: Identifying Existing Underground Utilities - Method: Carry out Trial Pit/Trench to Identify the Actual Location of Existing Underground Utilities - Controls: Ensure all existing underground utilities are identified.  - Activity: Trench Excavation - Method: Carry out trench Excavation by Open Cut Method or Shoring Method - Controls: Form 4 Inspected by TWC for Open Cut & Sheet Pile ELS for Road & Drainage Works or Inspected by ICE & TWC for Design of Trench and Pit Excavation (max. 2.5m and max. 3.3m Depth).  - Activity: Setting out the Proposed Manhole Location - Method: Setting out the Proposed Manhole Location Alignment by Surveyor - Controls: Joint Survey with MTRC.  - Activity: Erect Formwork for the Lower Portion of Manhole - Method: Erect Formwork for the Lower Portion of Manhole and accessed by access ladder. - Controls: ICE Certificate Issuance by ICE.  - Activity: Installation of Cast-in Materials - Method: Install Step Iron, Stainless Steel Hook, Weep hole Pipe, etc. - Controls: Contract/Standard Drawing.  - Activity: Reinforcement Fixing - Method: Fixing Rebar for the Lower Portion of Manhole/Retaining Wall. - Controls: Contract Drawing.  - Activity: Pour Concrete - Method: Pour Concrete by Manual/Excavator/Pump Truck. - Controls: Concrete Delivery Note/Concrete Cube.  - Activity: Make Good of Construction Joint (CJ) and Reinforcement - Method: Trim/Brush off & Clean up the Laitance and Loose Materials on Concrete/Rebar Surface. - Controls: Visual Inspection.  - Activity: Repeat 7.4.4 to 7.4.6 for Upper Portion of Manhole (Platform if necessary) - Method: Same as 7.4.4 to 7.4.6 for Upper Portion of Manhole. - Controls: Same as 7.4.4 to 7.4.6.
### 7.4A Drainage Diversion (Construction of The Sewer Manhole S1.10)
i. To set up the diversion system which consists of pumps and pipeline, plugged manholes will be chosen according to actual situation.  ii. Install pump and pipe line into the existing sewer manhole SMH (AB25) and switch on the pump.  iii. To plug the outlet of the existing sewer manhole SMH (AB25) by sand bags and render with sand and cement.  iv. If plugging works need to be carried out in manhole, works need to be carried out by Certified workers (Confined Space - DSD) under supervision by Competent person (Confined Space - DSD).  v. All the works inside the manholes shall strictly follow the regulation of Confined Space.  vi. Transfer effluent from FMH (AB25) to S1.4 (Enclosure of the relevant area with water-filled barrier).  vii. Construction of Manhole S1.10 (Sewerage).  viii. Construction of part of pipework from S1.10 to S1.10a (Temporarily seal off this portion of the pipeline).
### 7.4B Drainage Diversion (Construction of The Sewer Manhole S1.10a)
i. To set up the diversion system which consists of pumps and pipeline, plugged manholes will be chosen according to actual situation.  ii. Install pump and pipe line into the existing sewer manhole S1.4 and switch on the pump.  iii. To plug the outlet of the existing sewer manhole S1.4 by sand bags and render with sand and cement.  iv. To unplug the existing sewer manhole SMH (AB25).  v. If plugging works / unplugging works need to be carried out in manhole, works need to be carried out by Certified workers (Confined Space- DSD) under supervision by Competent person (Confined Space- DSD).  vi. All the works inside the manholes shall strictly follow the regulation of Confined Space.  vii. Transfer effluent from S1.4 to FMH (AB25) (Enclosure of the relevant area with water-filled barrier).  viii. Construction of Manhole S1.10a (Sewerage).  ix. To demolish the existing pipe from S1.4 to S1.3 as it clashes with the new laid sewerage pipe from S1.10a to S1.10.  x. To install part of sewerage pipes from S1.10a to S1.10 and S1.4 to S1.10a.
### 7.4C Construction of The Manhole and Pipe Installation for Access Road B by Open Cut Method and ELS
Open cut method and ELS are intended to be used for construction of the manhole and pipe installation for Access Road B, and subject to approval by ICE. The design details are referred to Appendix D. The following is the sequence of open cut and ELS for construction. i. To install ground monitoring points and take initial readings prior to commencement of the works.  ii. Drive sheet pile wall with interlocking down to the design toe level.  iii. Groundwater is drawdown by sump pump.  iv. Trim the 1:2 soil slope at the eastern and western side of the trench and carry out trench excavation to the final excavation level.  As the sheet pile wall is installed in adjacent carriageway, temporary traffic arrangement will be implemented on West Wash Plant Road and Main Depot Road. It is referred to Drawing No.1701/OYB//001-1 and 1701/OYB//001-2, and 1701/OYB//002-1 and 1701/OYB//002-2 in Appendix E respectively.
### 7.5 Pipe Installation
- Activity: Trench Excavation - Method: Carry out trench Excavation by Open Cut Method or Shoring Method near Carriageway. - Controls: Inspected by CP/TWC.  - Activity: Lifting Pipes (Precast Concrete/Vitrified Clay/Ductile Iron) - Method: Pipes shall be lifted properly. - Controls: Follow the Lifting Method.  - Activity: Setting out the Proposed Alignment & Level of Pipeline - Method: Setting out the Proposed Alignment & Level of Pipeline by Surveyor. - Controls: Joint Survey.  - Activity: Pipe Installation - Method: Lift down the Pipes by Excavator subject to CSHK's approval/Crane Lorry. - Controls: Air Test Inspection.  - Activity: Pour Concrete Backfill with Bedding Materials Surrounding the Pipe - Method: Pour concrete / Backfill with Bedding Materials. - Controls: Concrete Cube/Sand Replacement Test (SRT).  - Activity: Backfilling and Compaction (Shoring if necessary) - Method: Compaction by Vibration Roller/Plate. - Controls: Sand Replacement Test (SRT).  - Activity: Carry out CCTV Inspection - Method: Camera Machine to Pipelines from Manholes. - Controls: Permit to Works (For Confined Space if necessary).
### 7.6 Road Facilities Installation and Removal (Permanent and Temporary)
- Activity: Erection of Road Facilities (Road Light/Traffic Signal/Traffic Sign Board) - Method: Pour Concrete Footing/Cube for Road Facilities and Lift up by Crane Lorry. - Controls: Pre-pour Checking for Concrete Footing/Lifting Hook of Cube.  - Activity: Backfill to the Paving Level - Method: Backfill with the Excavator/Hand. - Controls: Compaction and Test (if applicable).  - Activity: Construction of Draw Pit and Ducting (All cable ducts must be provided with a draw rope after installation) - Method: Laying Underground Ducts and Cast/Place the Draw Pit in Designed Location. - Controls: Inspection of Quantity and Setting out for Draw Pit.  - Activity: Removal of Temporary Road Facilities (if necessary) - Method: Removal and Disposal by Crane Lorry. - Controls: Lifting Procedure.
### 7.7 Road Kerb and Profile Barrier Installation
- Activity: Pour Concrete Bedding for Road Kerb - Method: Pour Concrete Bedding for Road Kerb. - Controls: Pre-pour Checking and Concrete Cube.  - Activity: Setting out the Proposed Alignment and Level for Road Kerb and Profile Barrier - Method: Setting out by Surveyor. - Controls: Joint Survey.  - Activity: Install the Road Kerb and Profile Barrier - Method: Install the Road Kerb and Profile Barrier with Cement Mortar. - Controls: -.
### 7.8 Construction of Carriageway (Concrete Pavement)
- Activity: Backfilling and Compaction of sub-base Material to Designated Level - Method: Compaction of Sub-base Material by Vibration Roller/Plate. - Controls: Sand Replacement Test.  - Activity: Install Dowel Bars at Joints & Transition between Concrete Carriageway - Method: Install and Fix Dowel Bars at the Transition between Concrete Carriageway. - Controls: Contract Drawing/Hyd Standard Drawing.  - Activity: Install Wire Mesh B503 and Pour Concrete - Method: Lay Polythene on the Sub-base Layer, Fix Wire Mesh B503 and Pour Concrete. - Controls: Test of Wire Mesh, Pre-pour Checking and Concrete Cube.  - Activity: Surface texturing and curing - Method: Texture the Concrete Surface by Wire Broom. - Controls: -.  - Activity: Curing of Concrete pavement - Method: Protecting the concrete by water spray/plastic sheets/chemical compounds. - Controls: -.
### 7.9 Demolition of Existing Road (West Wash Plant Road)
After the construction of Access Road B is completed, we shall coordinate the road opening of Access Road B with CWBU and HKTS, and arrange Traffic Notice before it will put into operation. The demolition of existing road will be in separate submission.
## 8. **Safety**
### 8.1 General Site Safety
All workers shall attend a site-specific induction course conducted by Safety Team. The Safety Officer shall explain the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment Record and the Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman in charge of the work shall explain the system of work to his supervisors and workers. All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the CS Construction Manager/Safety Officer/Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. All workers on site shall obtain an approved "Mandatory Basic Safety Training Certificate". Toolbox talk training with reference to the recommended safety and environmental control measures after Construction Risk Assessment will be provided to the site personnel prior to commencing works. A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Foreman/Engineer/Construction Manager, subcontractor, MTR's representatives and Safety Department to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the requirements. Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets/sashes, reflective vest, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Warning signs and barriers will be erected where necessary. Particular care needs to be taken when working on or near busy roads. No works will be undertaken unless safe access, including approved and fully implemented TTM/TTAS where necessary. The voltage of any handheld power tools should not exceed 110V and preferably be less than 24V. Any emergency situation shall be reported to Subcontractor and Contractor (i.e. Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman and Safety Department, etc.) for prompt response. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix G.
### 8.2 Risk Assessment
Risk Assessment attached in Appendix F has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustments according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.
## 9. **Environmental**
The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/ EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP). Works should be carried out during 07:00 to 19:00 on normal working days. No PME will be used after 19:00 on normal working days and Sundays and public holidays unless with a valid construction noise permit. ULSD diesel will be used in all PME. Plant with QPME label will be employed, if available. All chemicals will be placed on drip tray. Waste water will be treated prior to discharge. Noise emission label will be affixed to the handheld breaker. Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site.
## 10. **Quality Control**
Refer to Appendix F for Inspection and Test Plan. To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards/acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents. Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with "Quality Hold Points" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK's project team.