# 1.13.23 (CS) Predrilling works within 10m from nearest track
## 1. **Introduction**
This document provides an overview of the method statement for predrilling of foundation works for the area which is 10m within from the track and OHL where EDO is also required according to the latest BUGN2023/21 (Issue/Rev:1.0). This MS would focus on the predrilling of bifurcation area. The predrilling works will be commenced after the works areas declared as construction areas (CAs). The method statement covers first the access to the designated works area and the procedure related to predrilling with details of sub-contractor attached. It details the responsible personnel including managers, engineers, and workers for executing the construction activities. Furthermore, it included the plant and equipment to be adopted and detailed set up on site. Lastly, it includes the safety and environment and quality control requirement to ensure the construction is safe and robust. Relevant drawings, job hazard analysis can be found in the appendix.
## 2. **Reference Documents**
Practice Note PNAP -24 Practice Note RC No.14 MTRCL-New Works Design Standards Manual -Section 3-Railway Engineering Hong Kong Transport Services Business Unit Requirements and information for contractor Hong Kong Transport Services Unit Railway Safety Rules MTRCL Working Paper No.6-Railway Protection-Revision B-December 2022 MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-(S2) Scope-Vol 4 (Book 4 of 9) Appendix AM-Clients Rules and Procedures for Working Within or Adjacent to the Railway MTRCL Contract 17-1 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-Instructions TO Tenders, and MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-Contract Data BUGN2023/21 (Issue/Rev:1.0)
## 3. **Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor**
### 4. **Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement**
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:  | Company | Name           | Position                  | |---------|----------------|---------------------------| | CSHK    | Vincent Li     | Construction Manager      | | CSHK    | Nana Chung     | Assistant Construction Manager | | CSHK    | Johnson Chun   | Senior Engineer           | | CSHK    | David Lam      | Senior Engineer           | | CSHK    | Man Hin Li     | Assistant Engineer        | | CSHK    | Siu Kei Cheung | General Foreman           |
### 5. **Programme and Working Hours**
The major site works will be targeted to commence on May 2024 and target to be completed by Nov 24 based on the latest agreed programme. When the work area is declared Construction Area, the general working hours will be from 08:00-19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be required to carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process but it will subject to the CNP application approval.
### 6. **Plant, Equipment & Material**
All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow:  | Plant/Equipment         | Quantity | |-------------------------|----------| | Mobile Crane at South Road | 1        | | Drill rigs              | 12       | | Crane Lorry             | 2        | | Generator               | 3        |  | Manpower                | Quantity | |-------------------------|----------| | Rigger                  | 5        | | Banksman                | 5        | | Skilled labour          | 12       | | Crane operator          | 3        | | Drilling rig operator & labour | 12 |
### 7. **Construction Methods/Construction Sequence Drawings**
#### 7.1 Preparation Work/Perquisite prior drilling
Prior commencement of pre-grouting/pre-drilling work, method statement for utility detection, site formation and site clearance should be covered and approved by separate method statements/EDOC. Scope of this method statement  General layout for W2  Scope of predrilling under this method statement is marked as red above. Detail shall refer to appendix
#### 7.2 Logistics Arrangement: Plant, labour and material
##### 7.2.1 Labour Access to W2  During Mar 2024, when the vehicular access bridge is not ready for delivery, we would temporarily utilize west gate via the west level crossing to deliver the plant and material. When delivering from West gate, escort vehicle with CPs would be deployed to escort the labours. CP(T) would be stationed at the West Gate to check the vehicular height and direct the traffic and communicate with the yard master continuously. Apart from the construction vehicles, shuttle escorted by escort vehicle would be arranged to directly carry the workers from West Gate to the Container Village at W11 and W7. We would utilize the East gate once the vehicular access bridge is ready to use after May 2024. Similar safety procedure same as West Gate would be deployed.  The detail of general logistics should refer to the submitted security and traffic management plan.  At W2 bifurcation area, labour would access the working area during NPH (0800-0830, 1130-1200, 1300-1330, 1730-1800 of each day) from Gate 4 to Gate A. CP(T) and WPIC would escort the workers crossing the test track and supervise the whole drilling operation by the workers. We propose to start the predrilling works prior the erection of RP fencing which is subjected to final approval from the depot. All workers are required to pass the RSI training and EDOC would need to be approved for working in the area. Nonetheless, we would hold regular workshops with RP/Yard master to go through current works within all CAs in order to identify and review any impact upon railway and/or depot operation. The rules and procedures for Railway Protection under the Railway Ordinance will be in accordance with Practice Note for Authorized Persons, Registered Structural Engineers and Registered Geotechnical Engineers (PNAP ADV-33 / APP-24) and MTRCL working paper No.6-Railway Protection-Revision B-December 2022.  Welfare facility with drinking facilities would be provided at W2. Temporary toilets would be provided at W11 near the gate area.  ##### 7.2.2 Plant and Material access to W2  Plant and material deliver to site shall be via west gate and west level crossing in the initial stage when the vehicular bridge is not ready. Vehicles will be escorted by escort car with CP(T) after enter to the depot, or from East gate when the vehicular bridge is open for use.  (Details please refer to submission “Traffic Management Plan”)  ###### Method 1 Delivery through MTR Wagon truck  Firstly, for delivery of drilling rigs, drilling rig would be dismantled into different parts and stored at the MTR wagon truck if available. The wagon truck would deliver the dismantled parts into W2 area subjected to final depot arrangement. Labour would unload the parts manually down the wagon and assembled the drilling rigs at the respective area. EDOC to be submitted separately.  ###### Method 2 Manual handling through gate at AB23  For access to the western side of W2, there will be 2 gates to be set up near AB23. Designated gate will be formed for MTR only to access to main line while there is a separate gate for CSHK to deliver the dismantled parts of the drilling rig across the test tracks. The drilling rig will be assembled on site and certified by RPE. After that, the drilling rig is ready to work. Details of the construction of level crossing shall refer to the separate method statement. EDOC to be submitted separately.  ###### Method 3 Lifting over test track  We may also make use 3 nights of NTH for lifting/mobilization of material/drilling rigs whereas exact dates are subjected to Depot’s final approval. Mobile crane will be used at the South Road. The lifting capacity is reduced to 80% of the mobile crane. Apart from drilling rig, empty water tank and casing with hanger would be delivered to works area also by mobile crane. The LALG certificates would be provided checked prior lifting. The length of casing is limited to 6m. EDOC to be submitted separately.
#### 7.3 Method of Drilling and sequence
According to PNAP APP-18, pre-drilling should be carried out such that the toe of every pile is within 5m radius from a pre-drilling hole. That means no two drill holes shall sunk simultaneously within 10m distance. Generally working phase shall refer to Appendix D  According to these requirements, each pile group is associated with a predrill number as shown below. The full layout can be found at Appendix D which Predrills holes are marked. It also shown the relationship between the predrill holes and MTR OHL.  All pre-drilling works shall be carried out by a specialist contractor who is under the "List of Approved Suppliers of Materials and Specialist Contractors in Public Works" in the Ground Investigation Field Work Category or in the Soil and Rock Testing Category. The sequence of work shall be carried out in compliance with the BD Approved drawings. This scope comprises of land vertical drill holes together with in situ tests for the determination of foundation levels and is described in the general notes of the drawings.  The works shall include:  - Rotary wash boring and rock coring of pre-drill holes for Pile and Instrumentation (Piezometer / Standpipe/ lnclinometer/ Magnetic Probe Extensometer) - Standard Penetration Test  Drilling, Sampling and in-situ testing will be performed in accordance with the Material Works (M&W) requirement, Section 24: Ground Investigation.  A Geotechnical Field Technician (GFT) would be provided full-time on-site supervision on ground investigation field works. GFTs shall be provided for all working drilling rig deployed. Separate competent persons (CP(Logging)) would carry out the logging and preparation of borehole logs. CP(Supervision) would supervise on site different stages of ground investigation field according to Appendix 1 (SC-GIFW). The curriculum vitae of the GFT/CP (loggings & supervision) would be submitted separately.  During predrilling, drilling rig would mount parallel to the track direction and the casing would also be lifted in parallel to reduce falling risks to the track area. The operator raises the mast slowly by increasing the pressure of the mast hydraulic cylinder. Then the mast legs would only be fixed at the designated position and safety pin would be inserted to secure and lock the mast in vertical direction before releasing the pressure at the hydraulic jack. During lowering procedure of the mast, the operator should be gradually increasing the pressure of the hydraulic cylinder to hold the mast by which the safety pin at the backstay legs can only be removed. Then by releasing the hydraulic cylinder, the rig mast can gradually lower until it’s in a horizontal position.
#### 7.4 Sampling
By using the rigs hydraulics, the drilling carriage is raised and the sampler is screwed and attached onto the anvil adaptor. The carriage is then lowered until the tentative sampling level. The hydraulic cylinder of the drilling rig is lowered and the drop-weight is activated, driving the sampler into the ground. Once the sampling tube has been driven to its full length, the hydraulic cylinder is activated pulling the sampler from the ground.  After retrieval of sample, casing will be drilled for the flushing cleaning of hole before next sampling. Then, sampling will be continued by successively adding drill rods between the sampler the anvil adaptor.
#### 7.5 Sample Handling
All Core samples shall be stored in core boxes which shall be of sound robust timber construction and be able to withstand the weight of the cores. The Contract numbers, drill hole number, depth, date of drilling shall be clearly marked on the side, inside and outside lid of the core box with permanent ink. Rope strands shall be attached to the core box for lifting. Core boxes shall be made with rigid separating wooden slats and shall be about 1.0m long. The core boxes shall be stored off site at TY and protected with plastic cover sheet.
#### 7.6 In-situ Test
Standard Penetration Tests  For pre-drill hole, Standard Penetration Tests (SPT) will be commenced from 3.0 m below ground level or immediately at the base of the inspection pit and thereafter at the 2.0m intervals in the drill holes within common ground.  The tests will be carried out in accordance with BS1377:1990. The SPT hammer comprises a 63.5 kg donut hammer with automatic trip mechanism and drop height of 760mm. The results will be given on the daily site and drill hole records. The 'N' value given on the drill hole records will be the number of blows required to drive the split barrel sampler through 300mm (after completion of the seating drive). If full penetration is not achieved, the number of blows and corresponding penetration will be indicated accordingly.
#### 7.7 Backfilling
Upon completion, drill hole will be backfilled with cement/bentonite grout. With no more water than is necessary to permit the grout to flow or be pumped. On completion of drilling, the drill casing will be withdrawn to the soil/rock interface. A N size drill rod, use as tremie pipe, will be placed to the end of the drill hole. The grout will be pumped into the drill hole via the tremie pipe.
#### 7.8 Reporting
Recovered cores will be placed in core boxes then labelled with the following information: - Hole Number - Box Number - Depth range of core - Date of drilling  Daily Site Records will be kept for all activities detailing a chronological diary of the work. Drilling records shall be kept for all drilling activities. The detail of the records kept will depend on the type of drilling works. The recovered core will be logged by geologist approved as a Competent Person in accordance with PNAP 132, Code of Practice for Site Supervision 2009 and Technical Memorandum for Supervision Plan 2009. Details of stratification are described using the checklist for soil descriptions and the guidelines laid out in GEOGUIDE 3 "Guide to Rock and Soil Descriptions". All cores shall be stored safely on-site during drilling and sent to lockable container at Tsing Yi for secure storage eventually. Preliminary daily site record, in-situ test record and drill hole log will be submitted after the completion of each drill hole for Engineer's comment. A final factual fieldwork report with core boxes, incorporated with Engineer's comment will be submitted.
## 8. **Safety**
### General Site Safety
With reference to the Project Safety Plan, the following items need to be instituted throughout the course of the works described within this method statement. All workers shall receive Railway Safety Induction training and follow Railway Safety Rules (RSR) inside working in the non-Construction Area. The contractor's person-in-charge (WPIC) shall be present at the work site at all times of work. The responsible person shall ensure that all sources of ignition are removed, all power supplies are isolated, and the work site is in a safe condition before leaving the site. Individual WPIC would be arranged for each works area.  CP(T) or CP (NT) shall be full time looking after the railway safety and report to the SHD Depot Control Centre daily before and after the construction works. Trucks and workers shall be restricted to use a designated route as delivery and worker’s pedestrian route within the site which shall be further agreed with the SHD Manager / YM. Details shall refer to separate Logistics and Security management plan. No construction works shall be carried out within 3.0m from the nearest railway track alignment. No storage of additional fuel for the rigs/plants is allowed. Fire Marsh would be provided for hot works such as welding if required. Proper personal protective equipment shall be employed at all times of works.
### Risk Assessment
All the potential hazards, consequences and mitigations will be analysed in the risk assessment attached in the Appendix A.
## 9. **Environmental**
- General works shall be carried out during normal hours from 0800 to 1900. No works will be carried out after 1900 on weekdays, Sundays and public holiday without approval construction noise permit. - All chemicals will be placed on drip tray. - Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site. - Sand bags or bund wall shall be erected around the drilling rigs to prevent the excessive water runoff to the surrounding area. - ULSD diesel will be used in all PME. - The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP) - QMPE plant to be used if applicable - Plastic sheet or similar thing must not be erected as sun-shield on site. - Sun-shield umbrella must be used with 3 ropes fixed, and the sun shield umbrella will be removed if not attended.
## 10. **Quality Control**
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan. To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents. Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with “Hold Points” at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK’s project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points.  Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and / or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.
## 11. **Appendices**
Appendix A - Risk Assessment Appendix B - Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) Appendix C - Catalogue for Predrill Equipment Appendix D - Drawings with marked up Appendix E - Emergency Contact List Appendix F - Drill Weekly Checklist