# Mini-Pile Installation for OYB Station (South)
## 1. Introduction
Upon the predrilling works completed for Oyster Bay (OYB) Station (Southern platform), the mini-pile for Oyster Bay Station (Southern platform) will be commenced. This method statement will cover the method, sequence, logistic of the mini pile for construction and precautionary measure and other relevant arrangement. The foundation work should commence after the completion of RP fencing, I&M installation with initial readings taken and agreed, predrilling and UU diversion etc. which the method statement of the above works shall be submitted separately. The detail of the procedures and methods contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated where necessary based on the actual site condition. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.
## 2. Reference Documents
(Library) Working Paper No.6 – Railway Protection General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited - 2022) Scope for Contract 1701 Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works
## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor
The works will be carried out by our subcontractor and supervise by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full time CP (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site, 1 CP will be appointed for 20 workers at same work area. RSI is not required after the works area declared as CA. CP(T) shall be provided for supervision of works less than 10m from the existing RP fencing. Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.
## 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:  | Company | Name | Position | | --- | --- | --- | | CSHK | Vincent Li | Construction Manager | | CSHK | Nana Chung | Assistant Construction Manager | | CSHK | Ng Chun Wah | Assistant Section Agent | | CSHK | David Lam | Senior Engineer | | CSHK | Johnson Chung | Senior Engineer | | CSHK | Sam Tsang | Engineer | | CSHK | Edmond Man | Engineer | | CSHK | Jacky Luo | Engineer | | CSHK | Kingsley Zhao | Assistant Engineer | | CSHK | Li Man Hin | Graduate Engineer | | CSHK | Cheung Siu Kei | Superintendent (WPIC) | | CSHK | Benny Yeung | General Foreman | | CSHK | Jacky To | Foreman | | CSHK | TBC | CP(T) |
## 5. Programme and Working Hours
The works is planned to commence with predrilling for the trial pile in early July 2024 and target to complete grouting work in late July 2024. This is to allow consent to be granted for mini works in late September 2024 for BD acknowledgement. The general working hours will be from 08:00 - 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday while is changed into CA from OA (Operation Area). However, it may be required to carry out work from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement. If works needed to be carried out during NTH, CP(T) and WPIC are required and CSHK should check for availability and report to MTR before commencement of works.
## 6. Plant, Equipment & Material
### Plant/Equipment
| Plant/Equipment | Quantity | | --- | --- | | Piling Rig | 6 | | Drilling Rig (For Post-construction work) | 6 | | Mobile Crane (45 T) | 3 | | Air Compressor | 2 | | Generator | 2 | | Grout Pump Station | 2 | | Backhoe | 6 | | Welding machine | 8 |
### Manpower
| Manpower | Quantity | | --- | --- | | General Labour | 28 | | Driver | 9 | | Rigger | 16 | | Operator | 12 | | Fire Marshall / WPIC | 6 |  Power will be supplied through generator to the mini pile work construction area. Fire extinguisher will be placed for every piling rigs / drilling rigs since there is no fire detection system.
### Figure 6.1.1 Site Set up and Logistic Arrangement during Foundation Stage (Access Road Level)

### Figure 6.1.2 Site Set up and Logistic Arrangement during Foundation and Tower Crane Erection Stage (Viaduct Level)
For lifting method, the 7m Height Railway Protective fencing will be installed (with an extent of at least 25m each side of piling location) before the mini-piling works for protection such as lifting of casing, rebars and other materials during piling operation. During the lifting work, banksman will supervise the movement with direction along the track and maintain the clearance from the RP fencing (with minimum 500mm). The site set up and logistic arrangement plan as shown in Figure 6.1.1 & 6.1.2. The lifting height should be controlled within the 7m, as protected by the fencing with working radius with at least 500mm clearance to the as-constructed RP fencing.
### Figure 6.1.4 General layout plan & Fatal zone set-up
Fatal zone shall be fenced off by red plastic barrier. Unless otherwise mentioned, unauthorized person is forbidden to enter lifting area as refer to Figure 6.1.4.  | Lifting Item No. | Lifting Objective Description | Weight(T) | | --- | --- | --- | | 1 | Wastewater Treatment Plant | 6.8 | | 2 | Sand Treatment Plant | 2 | | 3 | Generator | 4 | | 4 | A bundle of T50 rebar | 2 | | 5 | A323x10mm thk casing(6m in length) | 0.47 |  Lifting Plan for Unloading S01 main beam  MODEL: 955/9S (EFFER, ITALY)  BOOM LENGTH: 8m  WORKING RADIUS: 8m @ S.W.L.=8.13T  WEIGHT OF LIFTING OBJECT: 6T (CRITICAL CASE)  WEIGHT OF LA/LG: 0.3T  TOTAL WEIGHT: 6+0.3=6.3T  LIFTING CAPACITY: 6.3T/8.13T=77.49%  Figure 6.1.5 Crane lorry lifting chart under Safe Working Load(S.W.L.)  Utilization Plan and the site set up as shown in Figure 6.2. The traffic shall be entered the site from the site entrance as shown below through the Depot Access road and exit the site by the site entrance or Shun Long Road. No material including plants, containers, huts etc. shall be stored within 2m plan distance from the railway fence / railway protection fence. Banksman should supervise the lifting works and LG and rigging method should be approved under the method statement and BUGN of General lifting works.
### Figure 6.2 Utilization Plan & Overall logistics plan

## 7. Traffic and Security Management
### Contractor Vehicle Arrangement
- Access to the OYB southern station structure and associated bifurcation works will be via site entrance at Depot Access Road and Shun Long Road, one traffic lane for Shun Long Road is closed with water-filled barriers hatched in blue as shown in Figure 7.1.
### Worker Verification
- All workers will be picked up at designated area such as Tung Chung Station. - During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. - The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. - List of workers shall be submitted for MTR for registration before starting of works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.
## 8. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence
### Figure 8.0.1 – Mini-Pile Layout Plan (1)

### Figure 8.0.2- Mini-Pile Layout Plan (2)
There shall be maximum with 6 nos. of work-front as shown in Figure 8.0.3 & 8.0.4, starting at Grid S19 for Workfront 1 due to the trial pile works and continue to east direction and remaining 5 work-front starting at Grid S16 for Workfront 2 to the east direction, Grid S14 to the east for Work-front 3 and Grid line S11 to the east for Work-front 4, Grid S8 to the east for Work-front 5 and Grid S4 to the east for Work-front 6. The proposed work flow may be revised subject to the actual site condition and progress.
### Figure 8.0.3-No.of work-fronts and direction of proposed work flow (1)

### Figure 8.0.4-No. of work-fronts and direction of proposed work flow (2)
Those piles located within 10m of the railway protection fence will be subject to approval of an Engineering Document (EDOC) prior to works commencing due to potential of the works to impact on the operational railway. Those piles subject to an EDOC will also be limited to the use of 6m high casings.
### Figure 8.0.5 and Figure 8.0.6 show the relationship for mini-pile installation and the existing track works.

### Figure 8.0.6 – Section B – B (G.L. S20)
Common materials to be lifted are steel casing and bar for mini-pile. Lifting plan refers to separate method statement for General Lifting Plan. Considering the failure of clamping the steel casing during drilling, the sitting orientation of the drilling rig should parallel with AEL/TCL Track. That way, even if the steel casing falls down, it falls to the side instead of falling towards AEL/TCL Track. (referring to Figure 8.0.7)
### Figure 8.0.7 – Orientation of Piling Rig
Temporary water supply & Temporary sewerage treatment plan  The water supply shall be provided by the public main near Tai Ho Interchange as shown in Figure 8.0.8. The sewerage treatment plan with discharging point as shown in Figure 8.0.9. Both of works are submitted under separate method statement submission.
### Figure 8.0.8 Temporary water supply plan (For information only)

### Figure 8.0.9 Wastewater Treatment Facilities and Proposed Discharge Points (For information only)

### 8.1 Trial Pile
Trial piles for mini piles are required to be completed prior to commencing with the remainder of the works. The selected trial pile by the Building Authority is SFS19PC1-MP6 shall be carried out to verify the design assumptions before commencement of any mini-piles. Pre-drilling at mentioned pile shall be selected with PDH17 shown in Figure 8.1.1 with detail shown for the selected trial pile in Figure 8.1.2.
### Figure 8.1.1 – Layout plan for the Trial Pile (SFS19PC1-MP6) (Drawing No. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C19/404 Rev.B)
- Predrilling shall be completed for all piles within the same pile group prior to commencement of pile construction of the pile group in accordance with PNAP APP-18 and carried out such that the toe of every pile is within 5m distance from a pre-drilling hole as shown in the approved plan. - Predrilling shall be sunk at least 5m into Category 1(c) or better rock with total core recovery not less than 85% and with uniaxial compressive strength (UCS) not less than 25MPa or Point load index (PLI/50) not less than 1MPa (i.e. Category 1(c) in Table 2.1 or Code of Practice for Foundation 2017) or the designed rock socket length of the nearest pile, whichever is deeper. - The number of tests conducted should be such that there is at least 1 such test performed on rock specimen taken within 5m of every installed pile. Testing should be carried out by a laboratory accredited under the HOKLAS. (Under separate submission on “Predrilling Works at CAs 10m away nearest track” and “Predrilling works within 10m from nearest track”.) - 3 point load tests shall be carried out at each pre-drill location. - All pre-drill holes shall be backfilled by tremie method with a grout of strength with 30MPa. - Pre-drilling shall be carried out with Standard Penetration Tests (SPT) shall be carried out at 2m intervals. Termination criteria of SPT as follows: 1. The SPT-N value is equal to or larger than 50, and 2. Grade V or better material (determined by Class 4 or better soil sample obtained by SPT liner or equivalent) is encountered. - The record of predrilling works for trial pile should be submitted to BD for completion. - Post-construction proof drilling - 2 additional proof drill holes shall be conducted for 100 or less pile and 1% of the number of piles or site with more than 100 piles. - The proof drill holes should be sunk to at least 5m below the as-built top level of the rock socket of the nearest pile or to the as-built bottom level of the rock socket, whichever is deeper, to verify the rockhead profile and hence assess the adequacy of the socketed length of these piles.
## 8.2 Procedures of Mini-Pile Construction
### Figure 8.2.1 – Set up of sitting plan by Reaction Piles (For information only)
g. During installation and drilling for the mini-pile, verticality, inclination and alignment of the mini-piles should be closely monitored. Method statement shall be submitted for approval prior to commencement of the works. Records of test result shall be submitted to Project Manager prior to concreting and results shall satisfy the allowable tolerances and dimension.  h. Advance casing to 300mm below bedrock level or such other depths as required to avoid caving of soil at the interface of soil and sound bedrock during cleaning of the rock socked whilst maintaining verticality check.
## i. Form the rock socket of minimum 240mm diameter to the founding level as required using down the hole drilling method with air as the flushing medium or other method approved by Project Manager.
j. The 5 numbers T50 high yield bars shall be placed centrally in the hole and couplers shall be used to extend the reinforcement. No more than 3 couplers shall be placed at the same level. Coupler shall be submitted with another material submission and the installation method shall be approved under separate submission.  k. The mini-pile shall be tremie grouted under water in one continuous operation. Cement grout is pumped by pressure from the top of the hole and displacing water upwards from the bottom.  l. Adequate safety precautions shall be taken during construction of piles in close proximity of the existing buildings. Safety precautionary measures should be submitted to Project Manager before commencement of works.
## 8.3 Reaction Pile (For proof tension load test of mini-pile)
### Figure 8.3.1 – Set up of Load Test by Reaction Piles (For information only) (Design for the detailed set-up shall be under separate submission)

## 9. Safety
### Plant
- No part of the mobile crane/crane lorry will work beyond the water filled barrier and the maximum lifting load shall be <80% of Safety Working Load (SWL). - Load of lifting gears must be counted as part of the lifting load. - For any lifting operation by crane lorry, the mobile crane / crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended and the unsafe
## 9. Safety (Continued)
### Plant
- No part of the mobile crane/crane lorry will work beyond the water-filled barrier, and the maximum lifting load shall be <80% of Safety Working Load (SWL). - Load of lifting gears must be counted as part of the lifting load. - For any lifting operation by crane lorry, the mobile crane/crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended, and the unsafe zone will be fenced off.
### Material
- Stacking of steel casing should be arranged as shown in Figure 9.0.1.
### Figure 9.0.1 – Stacking of Steel Casing with Steel Plate
- The steel casing shall be stored underneath Shun Long Road, far from the mainline. The temporary material storage area shall provide 2 wedges for each side. A U-shaped steel plate shall be used for one side only as shown in Figure 9.0.1.
### Smoke Arrangement
- All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI) and can only smoke at the designated smoking area demarcated by CSHK, as shown in the figure below.
### Risk Assessment
- All potential hazards, consequences, and mitigations will be analyzed in the risk assessment attached in Appendix A.
## 10. Environmental (Environmental Aspect & Impact Identification and Mitigation Measures)
- Works should be carried out during 0700 to 1900 on normal working days. No PME will be used after 1900 on normal working days, Sundays, and public holidays unless with a valid construction noise permit (CNP). - The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP). - ULSD diesel will be used in all PME. - Plant with QPME label will be employed, if available. - All chemicals will be placed on a drip tray. - For site clearance, water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation. - Wastewater treatment and discharge will be installed on site. The details shall refer to the separate Method Statement, which will be submitted separately. - Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site.
## 11. Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan Including Hold Points)
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.  To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required work standards/acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day-to-day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers, and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents.  Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with "Hold Points" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK's project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points.  Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and/or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.  All materials used should be approved by the Project Manager.
## 12. Appendices (Identify and Include Additional Information in the Submission Package)
- Appendix A - Risk Assessment - Appendix B - Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) - Appendix C - Catalogue for Equipment - Appendix D - Drawings of Mini-pile Works (For information only) - Appendix E - Response to Comment  ---  This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp.