# EDOC for Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile
## Description:
Refer to HAZOP Meeting, dated on 29 May 2024, enclosed herewith the EDOC Application for Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile, and relative Hazard Log and presentation materials for your review.  | Revision        | Date         | Prepared by         | Checked by           | Reviewed by      | Approved by   | |-----------------|--------------|---------------------|----------------------|------------------|---------------| | 31/05/2024      | /            |                     | www                  | )                | e             | | A1              | Name:        | Nana Chung          | Vincent Li           | Yeung Wai Lun    | Paul Freeman  | | A. Construction | Construction |                     |                      |                  |               | | Position:       | Manager      | A. Project Director | Sr. Project Director | Project Director |               |
## Engineering Document For Works
Part A Engineering Works No: ZCV20380  | Change History   | Issue/Rev.         | Reason for Change   | Date   | |------------------|--------------------|---------------------|--------| | 1/0              | First Formal Issue | 03/06/2024          |        |  Part B 1. **F1 No.** N/A 2. **C&R Works No.** N/A 3. **Baseline Programme** Please refer to attached Appendix A  | Design                                                                               | Installation       | Testing &   | Completion     | Associated Actions   | |--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|-------------|----------------|----------------------| | Commissioning                                                                        | (Refer to Item 19) |             |                |                      | | SHD Property Development  Contract 1701 - Oyster Bay  Station and  Associated  Works | July 2024          | N/A         | September 2024 | N/A                  |
## 4. Description of works
### 4.1 Title
Contract 1701 - Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile
### 4.2 Reason
The structure and foundation works for the bifurcation and OYB Northern Station Structure are located in between the existing test track and mainline. In order to provide the man and vehicle access to the island site in Area W2, entrance gates shall be formed at existing railway protection fence of test track, and temporary level crossing will be proposed to install at the existing Test Track.
### 4.3 Description
#### A. General
1701 Contractor will carry out the works for the temporary entrance and level crossing installation as per correlated latest version of the approved Method Statement for Site Entrance, Level Crossing and Cross Road Duct at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile under **ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000473**. Precaution measures for various potential risks/ situation have been reviewed and summarized in the hazard log referring to Appendix B.
#### B. Working Time
Test Track: 3 night time (Friday^Saturday, Saturday^Sunday and one on weekday) per week or NPH (11:00 to 15:00) subject to Depot Schedule;
#### C. Preparation Work
Before commencement of the installation, the following works shall be completed.
#### C.1 Setting Out
The location of entrance gates and level crossing will be set out at the co-ordinates shown on the Construction Drawings or as agreed with MTR's representatives on site. Once the location has been set out a joint inspection will be held with MTR's representatives on site, Depot Yard Master (DYM) and other stakeholders. Referring to the railway safety requirements and construction drawings, the proposed level crossings or entrance gates are close to existing trackside equipment, CSHK will further verify the site conditions with MTR/ (DYM) representatives onsite.
#### C.2 Existing Water Supply And Utility Diversion
Existing water supply and utility along the at the existing railway protection fence of Test Track shall be diverted or lowered down below ground level at the locations of proposed entrance.
#### C.3 Cable Detection
Utility detection and Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) survey will be carried out after the area is fenced off and after the obstacle above ground are cleared. The details of carrying out utility detection shall follow the approved Method Statement for General Underground Utility Survey for Construction Area (ACC Reference Number: 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000095). Based on the master drawings of all utilities, it shows that only one cable is found in this area.
#### C.4 Trial Pit
Trial Pits will be carried out in accordance with Permit-to-Dig System before start of the works. For details, please refer to separate submissions ACC no. 170-W-000-CSC-760-000115.
#### C.5 Utility Diversion/ Abandoned Works
Any utilities required diversion or to be abandoned will be carried out with relevant approved EDOC prior to start the instrumentation installation works.
#### C.6 Pre-Construction Survey
Pre-construction survey, Survey and UU detection will be carried out and completed before the commencement of the works, survey of existing MTR equipment at ground level. Reports to be submitted to MTR, showing the protections applying to the MTR equipment.
#### C.7 Instrumentation And Monitoring
Setting up instrumentation monitoring plan and taking initial readings as per the BD approved drawings. The method statement for setting up instrumentation monitoring is described in 'Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Operations Area (OA)' (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000122), EDOC for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works (ACC Reference Number 1701-W-000-CSC-143-000284) and (EDOC Reference Number ZCV20240) and 'Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Construction Area (CA)' (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000138). For those standpipe and piezometer, it will be installed at the location which are 10 meters far away from the existing live tracks. AAA Levels will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures). A monitoring sequence can be found and will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures).
## D. Installation Procedure
In general, three locations of C with gates are proposed at the South Road along the existing Test Track. They are named TT06, TT07 and TT0A and their width are 6.3m, 6.3m & 7m respectively, see **Figure 2** and 3 below:  The installation method and sequence of new entrances and the temporary level crossings are as follows: i. Before the commencement of the entrance gate and temporary level crossing installation, existing water supply pipe/ utility along the existing railway protection fence will be diverted and lowered down below ground level.  ii. Install temporary security/protective fence before cut openings at existing RP fence.  iii. Install high roller gate and fix to the height gauge with warning notices, the height of the rolling gate is the same as the existing fence. The roller gate fixed with flush bolt and bolt to ground and locked when closing.  iv. After entrance gate formed, temporary level crossing will be installed. The following are the installation sequence of installation.  v. And then cast concrete on the both side of level crossing to form a ramp over the cable troughs with 6 mm protection steel cover with insulation in between connecting existing South road and haul road within the site.
## E. Maintenance Regime
### 4.4 Application
Entrance gate and level crossing installation at the test track shall be carried during NTH or NPH agreed with DYM.
### 4.5 Category
N/A
### 4.6 In-house/Contract
CONTRACT 1701
### 4.7 Estimated Cost
Under SHD Property Development Contract 1701 - Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works
### 4.8 Nature
Trial project carried out by HKTS Business
## 5. Name and Title of Responsible Parties
Contract 1701 - Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile  | Contract 1701 - Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure,  Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0 Design Manager /  Chief Construction  Manager Project Controller /  Implementer / Senior  Project Manager Construction  Manager Maintainer /  Asset Owner CHONG Daniel Hing Pong KOO Raymond Kai On KOO Raymond Kai On KOO Raymond Kai On Chief Design Manager - OYB Chief Construction  Manager - OYB Civil Chief Construction  Manager - OYB Civil Chief Construction  Manager - OYB Civil 6. Implication on Safety - Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s)ii  Yes  No If no, please provide justification.  There is no safety critical system involved.  Yes  No - Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change  Assessment Formiii is completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004) If no, please provide justification. There is no safety critical system involved. - Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate iv [Specific Safety   Yes  No Related System(s)]  - Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System  Related Change Assessment Formv is completed (ref.  P/OD/SMS/004) If no, please provide justification.  Yes  No  There is no safety critical system involved. - Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards  Yes  No  Yes  No - Affecting Signal Sighting (ref. P/OD/SMS/028) If yes, please specify  Yes  No - Affecting maintenance or operational requirements e.g. Safetyrelated Application Conditions (SRAC) / Safe Operating  Requirements (SOR) If yes, please specify in Section 19. - Submission of a paper to SAFTECvi If yes, please specify the paper number and if the paper has  been accepted by SAFTEC   Yes  No   |
## 6. Implication on Safety
- Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s): No - Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change Assessment Form is completed: No - Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate: No - Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System Related Change Assessment Form is completed: No - Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards: No - Affecting Signal Sighting: No - Affecting maintenance or operational requirements e.g. Safety-related Application Conditions (SRAC) / Safe Operating Requirements (SOR): No - Submission of a paper to SAFTEC: No
## 7. Implication on Fire Safety
- Affecting / modifying on Fire Safety System(s): No  1. Smoking is not permitted on site. 2. Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited. 3. Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping. 4. Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each work front with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment (part 5 below). 5. Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures. 6. Grass cutting shall be arranged before any hot works. 7. Fire Management Plan will be followed as reference to the formal submission in ACC (Reference Number: 1701-W-000-CSC-705-000196).
## 8. Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work
This is not a safety critical / safety related works, but the following measures will be implemented to ensure safety. 1. Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation's railway safety rules and procedures. 2. CP(T) or CP(NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for works carried out inside operating railway premises. 3. The 1701 Project Team CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.
## 9. Implication On Operating Procedures
No implication on operating procedures.
## 10. Statutory Submissions
Are there any statutory submissions: No
## 11. Design Capacity / Design Limit
All permanent design works are designed to MTR NWDSM, M&W specification and GS, the related code of practice and HK regulations.  The temporary works for shoring support or working platform would be certified by nominated Temporary Works Co-ordinator (TWC), checked by TCPs and approved by MTR CWBU.
## 12. Electromagnetic Compatibility
No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.
## 13. Implementation, Inspection, Testing Or Commissioning Instruction
### 13.1 State the pre-requisite tests / safety precautions before allowing an item/system to be put in operation/testing on the Operating Railway, e.g. gauge checking, approach-locking distance, signal sighting etc., for:
- works on a Safety Critical System, or - works on other items/system which may result in disruption to train services for more than 20 minutes or to station operation for more than 1 hour, if the change causes the item / system / its interfacing system(s) to fail to perform its intended function.
### 13.2 Safety independent check [is/is not *] required for the installation, T&C in this modification.
The work described in this EDOC is to construct the temporary cross track ducts only without altering existing track or other safety critical items.
### 13.3 On-Site Design Verification [is/is not *] required after Testing and Commissioning for the installation of this modification,
NO on-site design verification is required, as no major modification on existing equipment and/or safety critical systems is envisaged for these proposed monitoring points. Aside from on-site verification and confirmation of the monitoring locations (as-built records to be submitted), it is not expected that other design specific requirements checking/verification will be required.
## 14. Design Standards / Manuals / Procedures / References
- Works to be designed and constructed to comply with the latest requirement of: - - Contract 1701 Scope of Work - MTR New Work Design Standard Manual (NWDSM) - MTR Operation Division Safety Requirement and Information for Contractors - Operation Division Railway Safety Rule - Approved method statement
## 15. Environmental Management
The Contract shall follow all requirements and conditions set on Environmental Permit issued by EPD. All construction waste, dust and noise will be controlled during construction.
## 16. Configuration Management
N/A
## 17. Application to New Extension Projects
N/A
## 18. Other Concerns / Instructions
Prior to site construction, the Contractor shall conduct site survey, route verification and measurement.
## 19. Impact Of The Works (Please Mark The Appropriate Check Box)
[State any concerns (other than those mentioned in other parts of this EDOC) that this test, trial or modification may have]  | Impact on   | Responsible Parties   | Actions Required                                          |     |     | |-------------|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|-----|-----| | (Name & Title)                     |                       |                                                           |     |     | | 19.1 Operations Manuals / Procedures                           | N/A | N/A | | 19.2 Maintenance Manuals / Procedures                          | N/A | N/A | | 19.3 Spare parts catalogues and stock                          | N/A | N/A | | 19.4 Interfaced Systems                                        | N/A | N/A | | 19.5 Drawings, and schematic and wiring diagram if applicable | N/A | N/A | | 19.6 Training for staff                          | N/A | N/A | | 19.7 Registration of new assets                | N/A | N/A | | 19.8 Any other related matters  (please specify) |     |     |
## 20. Incoming Goods Inspection (IGI) Requirements
- The contractor will be responsible for the inspection of all material prior to the installation on site.
## 21. Fmeca
[FMECA is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following: - Change to a SCS / introduce a new SCS - Change to PSD/APG/MGF/floodgate [Specific SRS] - Affecting or Interface with SCS - Act as measures to mitigate R1/ R2 hazards - Change to C1/ C2 systems / equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 system / equipment - Introduce a new design (i.e. new hardware or change to hardware / modify a hardware involving non-standard design) - Redundancy for systems on controlling / carrying / supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control - Change to a revenue-critical equipment or introduce a new revenue-critical equipment - Change to P-Way systems/equipment or
## 22. Concept Of Design (ConDes)
ConDes is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:  - SCS Design Change - Design change for PSD, APG, MGF, and floodgate [Specific SRS] - Change to C1/C2 systems/equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 systems/equipment - Redundancy for systems on controlling/supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control - Modification affecting track adhesion performance/rail integrity/switch and crossing integrity - New design affecting inter-system interface
## 23. Safety Impact of Trackside Equipment Installation - SG Infringement
### 23.1 Is the gauging and clearance assessment required according to P/OD/AMS/041?
- Yes
### 23.2 Is the clearance requirement compiled with the requirement in S/NTSaf/DS/01(01)?
- Yes
### 23.3 State whether the trackside installation of fixed equipment with potential hazard of Structure Gauge (SG) infringement during operations and maintenance.
- The preventive/monitoring measure is stated in the hazard log in Appendix B to mitigate the potential hazard.
## 24. New / Modified Trackside Installation In EAL
Is earth/equipotential bond required to add or modify on the traction return rail? - No
## Approval List for Works Requiring EDOC Approval
(Engineering Works No.: ZCV20xxx)  | Responsibilities | Name & Title | Signature | Date | |------------------|--------------|-----------|------| | Prepared by | YIU Alex Chun Ting | | | | (Designer or delegate) | Sr Construction Engineer - Civil | | | | Checked by | Adrian Tan | | | | (Design Manager or delegate) | Sr Construction Manager - Civil | | | | Checked by | CHAN Taky Tsun Kei | | | | (GM-PP&D(O) or delegate) | Chief Projs Plan & Dev Mgr (Ops) | | | | Approved by | N/A | | | | (On behalf of CCB) | | | | | Approved and authorised by | N/A | | | | (Design Manager from HKTS only) | | | | | Approved by | CHONG Daniel Hing Pong | | | | (Design Manager or CCM from CWBU / HKPBU) | Chief Design Manager - OYB | | | | | KOO Raymond Kai On | | | | | Chief Construction Manager - OYB | | | | Independent Checked by | N/A | | | | (COAM / SOSoAM or delegate) | | | | | Endorsed by | NG Patrick Chi Chung | | | | (Lead T&ES Representatives) | Lead Civil & Stn Fac Engg Mgr | | | | | LUI William Ching Man | | | | | Acting Lead Design Mgr PW Engg | | | | Authorised by | CHAN HK Hing Keung | | | | (CSE(Ops) or COES&I) | Chief of Ops Engg Serv & Inno | | | | | TANG Simon Siu Cheung | | | | | DGM-Technical & Asset Engg | | | | Endorsed by | KOO Raymond Kai On | | | | (Maintainer) | Chief Construction Manager - OYB Civil | | | | Endorsed by | KOO Raymond Kai On | | | | (Asset Owner) | Chief Construction Manager - OYB Civil | | | | Endorsed by | LEE Andy Po Wing | | | | (Head of Line Group Management / HTO or delegate) | Chief Ops Mgr - AEL, TCL & DRL | | | | Endorsed by | KOO Raymond Kai On | | | | Endorsed by | FAN Dave Pui Kiu | | | | Sr. Railway Protection Engineer | | | | | Endorsed by (SHD Landlord) | TSUI Barry Ka Fai | | | | (Project Controller) | Senior Depot Manager - SHD | | |
## Notes:
1. Applicable to works on the Operating Railway by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit. 2. Check is required by GM-PP&D(O) or delegates when (i) the work is Extension related (e.g., new lines) or (ii) the changes will be adopted in New Extension Projects as stated in Section 17; or (iii) when the work is major C&R works (e.g., station modification, ped-links etc). 3. Approval by relevant CCB(s) is required when works involve changes of software and configurations under the (P/OD/AMS/012) System Configuration Management and Change Control Procedure. 4. Approval by Design Manager(s) or Chief Construction Manager (CCM) from CWBU/HKPBU is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorisation by COES&I or CSE(Ops). 5. Independent Check is required for works which affect/modify on Safety Critical Systems or modify PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems] or for mitigating R1/R2 hazards of the Operating Railway; and shall be carried by Operations Assurance Section according to the scope of modification. 6. Approval by Design Manager(s) from HKTS is required for all works on the Operating Railway undertaken by HKTS. 7. Authorisation from CSE(Ops)/COES&I on their respective discipline is required when the works are: - affecting/modifying on Safety Critical Systems, or - modifying PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems] - affecting the Fire Safety of the Railway, or - for mitigating R1/R2 hazards, or - works on OR undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit. 8. Endorsement by Lead T&ES Representatives is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorisation by COES&I or CSE(Ops). The Lead T&ES Representatives shall be identified based on the relevant discipline of the lead designer. 9. Endorsement by the relevant maintainer(s) is required when the works affect/introduce new maintenance procedures/practices. 10. Endorsement by the relevant Asset Owner is required when the works affect the cost of ownership for or life expectancy of the asset. 11. Head of Line Group Management's delegated representatives are: a.) COM for modifications on (i) station-based systems for specific line and/or specific station(s) & (ii) train services related modifications; b.) Head of Traffic Operation (HTO) for modification on OCC migration systems and train service related issues such as equipment alteration or new equipment provision which have an impact on the train service. Endorsement by (Head of Line Group Management/HTO)'s delegated representatives is required when the works affect railway operations or operating procedures.
## Engineering Drawings Affected By This Engineering Work
The following circuit diagrams shall be updated. Please also fill in the "Requisition for Drawing Service" (OPM781D/R1/04.97).  | Drawing Title | Drawing no. | |---------------|-------------|
## Summary of Comment Sheet
(Engineering Works No.: ZCV20xxx)  | EDOC | Commented by | Comments | Action | |------|--------------|----------|--------| | Clause No. | (and Date) | (including the decision and rationale if the comment is not accepted) | |
## Appendices
- Appendix A - Programme - Appendix B - Hazard Log - Appendix C - Drawing - Appendix D - Method Statement (extract section 8) - Appendix E - Presentation Materials  This document is controlled in soft copy. Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stamp.