# 1.13.35 (CS) Mini-Pile Installation for OYB Station (South)
## 1. Introduction
Upon the predrilling works completed for Oyster Bay (OYB) Station (Southern platform), the mini-pile for Oyster Bay Station (Southern platform) will be commenced. This method statement will cover the method, sequence, logistic of the mini pile for construction and precautionary measure and other relevant arrangement. The foundation work should commence after the completion of RP fencing, I&M installation with initial readings taken and agreed, predrilling and UU diversion etc. which the method statement of the above works shall be submitted separately. The detail of the procedures and methods contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated where necessary based on the actual site condition. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.
## 2. Reference Documents
(Library) Working Paper No.6 – Railway Protection General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited - 2022) Scope for Contract 1701 Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works Foundation Design and Construction (GEO Publication No.1/2006) Code of Practice for Foundation 2017
## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor
The works will be carried out by our subcontractor and supervise by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full time CP (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site, 1 CP will be appointed for 20 workers at same work area. RSI is not required after the works area declared as CA. CP(T) shall be provided for supervision of works less than 10m from the existing RP fencing. Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.
## 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:  | Company | Name          | Position                   | |---------|---------------|----------------------------| | CSHK    | Vincent Li    | Construction Manager       | | CSHK    | Nana Chung    | Assistant Construction Manager | | CSHK    | Ng Chun Wah   | Assistant Section Agent    | | CSHK    | David Lam     | Senior Engineer            | | CSHK    | Johnson Chung | Senior Engineer            | | CSHK    | Sam Tsang     | Engineer                   | | CSHK    | Edmond Man    | Engineer                   | | CSHK    | Jacky Luo     | Engineer                   | | CSHK    | Kingsley Zhao | Assistant Engineer         | | CSHK    | Li Man Hin    | Graduate Engineer          | | CSHK    | Cheung Siu Kei| Superintendent (WPIC)      | | CSHK    | Benny Yeung   | General Foreman            | | CSHK    | Jacky To      | Foreman                    | | CSHK    | TBC           | CP(T)                      |
## 5. Programme and Working Hours
The works is planned to commence with predrilling for the trial pile in early July 2024 and target to complete grouting work in late July 2024. This is to allow consent to be granted for mini works in late September 2024 for BD acknowledgement. The general working hours will be from 08:00 - 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday while is changed into CA from OA (Operation Area). However, it may be required to carry out work from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement. If works needed to be carried out during NTH, CP(T) and WPIC are required and CSHK should check for availability and report to MTR before commencement of works.
## 6. Plant, Equipment & Material
### Plant / Equipment
| Plant / Equipment                | Quantity | |----------------------------------|----------| | Piling Rig                       | 6        | | Drilling Rig (For Post-construction work) | 6        | | Mobile Crane (45 T)              | 3        | | Air Compressor                   | 2        | | Generator                        | 2        | | Grout Pump Station               | 2        | | Backhoe                          | 6        | | Welding machine                  | 8        |
### Manpower
| Manpower                         | Quantity | |----------------------------------|----------| | General Labour                   | 28       | | Driver                           | 9        | | Rigger                           | 16       | | Operator                         | 12       | | Fire Marshall / WPIC             | 6        |
## 7. Traffic and Security Management
### Contractor Vehicle Arrangement
- Access to the OYB southern station structure and associated bifurcation works will be via site entrance at Depot Access Road and Shun Long Road, one traffic lane for Shun Long Road is closed with water-filled barriers hatched in blue as shown in Figure 7.1.
### Worker Verification
- All workers will be picked up at designated area such as Tung Chung Station. - During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. - The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. - List of workers shall be submitted for MTR for registration before starting of works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.
## 8. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings
### 8.1 Trial Pile
Trial piles for mini piles are required to be completed prior to commencing with the remainder of the works. The selected trial pile by the Building Department is SFS19PC1-MP6 shall be carried out to verify the design assumptions before commencement of any mini-piles. Pre-drilling at mentioned pile shall be selected with PDH17 shown in Figure 8.1.1 with detail shown for the selected trial pile in Figure 8.1.2.
### 8.2 Procedures of Mini-Pile Construction
a. The exact location of mini-pile should be set out and conduct inspection pit under separate submission with Utilities Detection Report under the construction area under separate method statement. Permit to dig shall be submitted before drilling. No 2 pile shall be constructed simultaneously within 10m plan distance. 50 ton crawler crane shall be adopted for lifting work within work-front. (Refer to separate method statement for general lifting work). Setting out plan as shown in Figure 8.2.1.  b. A grade S275 mild steel permanent casing shall follow the drill bit down to bedrock level, and the casing shall not be withdrawn. Full penetration butt weld will be the connection of the permanent steel casings under the BD approved drawings.  c. Construction tolerances are as follows: Setting out tolerance at top of mini-pile to be ±15mm and inclination tolerance to be 1:100 from the longitudinal pile axis. The tolerances will be closely monitored by setting out survey and spirit level checking with joint inspection prior to the grouting work commence.  d. After reaming of the rock socket to the required depth, the hole shall be flushed with clean water to remove any debris.  e. Grout tubes shall be tied to the whole length of the reinforcement which shall consist of 5 nos. T50 high yield steel bars with 6m of length per each rebar with staggering of couplers must be minimum 200mm as per approved BD drawing. 20mm clearance between the bars shall be achieved by spacers and continuity of reinforcement shall be achieved by using couplers in a staggered arrangement along the full length of the pile. Sitting plan for the rebar please refer to Figure 8.2.1 as shown below. For the location within the abutment of the existing viaduct after Gridline S10, the lifting radius should keep at least 200mm clearance as shown to Figure 8.2.2.  f. During installation and drilling for the mini-pile, verticality, inclination and alignment of the mini-piles should be closely monitored. Small eyes safety green net shall be mounted at the RP fence facing W1 site are to prevent spread of muddy water into Mainline. Method statement shall be submitted for approval prior to commencement of the works. Records of test result shall be submitted to Project Manager prior to concreting and results shall satisfy the allowable tolerances and dimension.  g. Advance casing to 300mm below bedrock level or such other depths as required to avoid caving of soil at the interface of soil and sound bedrock during cleaning of the rock socked whilst maintaining verticality check.  h. Form the rock socket of minimum 240mm diameter to the founding level as required using down the hole drilling method with air as the flushing medium or other method approved by Project Manager.  i. The 5 numbers T50 high yield bars shall be placed centrally in the hole and couplers shall be used to extend the reinforcement. No more than 3 couplers shall be placed at the same level. Coupler shall be submitted with another material submission (ACC Reference No. 1701-W-000-CSC-775-000252) and the installation method shall be approved under separate submission under BD approval list.  j. The mini-pile shall be tremie grouted under water in one continuous operation. Cement grout is pumped by pressure from the top of the hole and displacing water upwards form the bottom.  k. Adequate safety precautions shall be taken during construction of piles in close proximity of the existing buildings. Safety precautionary measures should be submitted to Project Manager before commencement of works.  Due to insufficient area for carrying out pile load testing, reaction pile shall be proposed.  - Post-construction proof drilling shall be conducted with at least 2 number of drill holes to verify the quality of the rock forming of rock socket. - Selection of proof-tension load test by Building Authority after submission of BA14. For the method statement of loading test, we shall submit under separate submission. - With reference to the Code of Practice for Foundation 2017, under Section 8.4, the general procedure of the pile load compression test,  (a) The pile should be load tested at the cut-off level with no allowance for group effect;  (b) The test load should be applied in 2 equal increments up to the design pile capacity under working load, then released and reapplied in 4 equal increments up to twice the design pile capacity under working load and maintained for at least 72 hours before removal;  (c) The load at each incremental stage should be held for a period of 10 minutes or longer until the rate of settlement is less than 0.05 mm in 10 minutes;  (d) The test load should be measured by a calibrated load measuring device and also by a calibrated pressure gauge in the hydraulic system;  (e) For piles resisting axial load with a diameter or least lateral dimension not exceeding 750mm, the test is deemed to be unsatisfactory if any of the following conditions apply:  (i) the maximum settlement at the head of the pile during the test exceeds the value  $$\frac { 2 W L } { A E } + \frac { D } { 1 2 0 } + 4 m m ,$$  where  W is the design pile capacity under working load in kN;  L is the length of the pile in mm (For piles with rock sockets, L should be measured to the centre of the rock socket. For piles without rock sockets, L may generally be measured to the pile toe;  A is the cross-section area of the pile in mm² ;  E is the Young's modulus for the material of the pile in kN/mm² ; and  D is the least lateral dimension of the pile in mm;  (ii) when the rate of recovery after the removal of the maximum test load is less than 0.1 mm/hour observed in a period of not less than 15 minutes, the residual settlement at the head of the pile exceeds the greater of the following: D/120 + 4 mm; and 25% of the maximum pile head settlement during the test;  (f) In calculating the elastic compression/extension of the test pile, the following should be considered for mini-piles: The contribution from steel bars, cement grout and steel casing along the whole length L.
## 9. Safety
### Plant
No part of the mobile crane/crane lorry will work beyond the water filled barrier and the maximum lifting load shall be <80% of Safety Working Load (SWL). Load of lifting gears must be counted as part of the lifting load. For any lifting operation by crane lorry, the mobile crane / crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended and the unsafe zone will be fenced off.
### Material
#### U-Shaped Steel Plate
The steel casing shall be stored underneath Shun Long Road where is far from the mainline. Temporary material storage area shall provide 2 wedges for each side. U-shaped steel plate shall be used for one side only as shown in MS Figure 9.0.1.
### Smoke Arrangement
#### Facilities for Smoke Area
- Cigarette Butt Receptacle - Fire Extinguisher - Sand Bucket  All the potential hazards, consequences and mitigations will be analysed in the risk assessment attached in the Appendix A.
## 10. Environmental
Works should be carried out during 0700 to 1900 on normal working days. No PME will be used after 1900 on normal working days and Sundays and public holiday with unless with a valid construction noise permit (CNP). The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/ EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).  - ULSD diesel will be used in all PME. - Plant with QPME label will be employed, if available. - All chemicals will be placed on drip trays. - For site clearance, water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation. - Waste water treatment and discharge will be installed on site. The details shall refer to the separate Method statement which will be submitted separately. - Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site. - Air compressors capable of supplying compressed air at 500 kPa or above must be affixed with noise emission labels.
## 11. Quality Control
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan. To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents. Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with “Hold Points” at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK’s project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points. Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and / or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate. All materials used should be approved by Project Manager.
## 12. Appendices
- Appendix A - Risk Assessment - Appendix B - Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) - Appendix C - Catalogue for Equipment - Appendix D – Drawings of Mini-pile Works (For information only) - Appendix E – Response to Comment