# 1.13.31 (CS) Trial trench excavation works at West Wash Plant Road near AB25.md
## 1. Introduction
To facilitate the UU diversion at Works Area W12, it is intended to divert the existing UU located at W12 to the existing EVA. To verify the feasibility of the scheme, trial trenches shall be excavated to determine if there is sufficient space within the existing EVA to accommodate the diverted UU’s. The proposed trench is approx. 0.44m wide, 3m in length and up to 1m in depth and local trimming may be required to expose the existing utilities up to 1.4m depth. Trench details as attached in Appendix G for depth with 1.2m to 1.5m. The works will be carried out section by section in order to maintain waiting space for vehicles to pass through the west level crossing to W11. TTMs will be implemented section by section with a length of 10m, which shall be removed daily after completion of each works shift as agreed in the EDoC meeting with MTRC and HKTS on 21 March 2024 as shown in Figure 7.1 & Appendix A to facilitate the works. The detail of the procedures and methods contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated where necessary based on the actual site condition. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.The excavated trial trench shall be temporarily covered with 40mm thick steel plates with dimensions of 1.22m x 2.44m to allow removal of the TTM. The trial trenches shall be reinstated with sand backfill until the bottom of the existing concrete slab and Grade 40/20 concrete shall be casted with thickness matched with existing condition when all the as-built information for the UU diversion at W12 are confirmed.
## 2. Reference Documents
- General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited -2022) - Scope for Contract 1701 - Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works (M&W)
## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
### Responsibilities:
- **Construction Manager**: Responsible for the overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. - **Site Engineer / Superintendent / Foreman**: Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers. - **Safety Manager/ Safety Officer**: Responsible for assessing the condition of each work areas with regard to safety. To prepare a risk assessment before the commencement of works, enforce a safe works practice and environment in the workplace and work site. - **Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)**: WPIC is in charge of a specific construction activity within the works areas across the site. The Site Supervisor is also responsible for implementing the works control checklist. - **Registered Electrical Workers (REW)**: Workers who have valid certificate of registered electrical worker and completed MTR RSI training and obtained the qualification. - **Workers**: Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification. - **Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))**: The CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operational Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. The CP shall report to the depot before works can commence.
## 4. Programme and Working Hours
This method statement is applicable for the trial trench excavation at the West Wash Plant Road near AB25 under Contract 1701. The general working hours will be from 08:00 – 18:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday and expected to be completed within a week. CSHK shall ensure compliance with all Construction Noise Permit Requirements.
## 5. Plant, Equipment & Material
### Plant/Equipment
| Plant/Equipment                                             | Quantity | |-------------------------------------------------------------|----------| | Excavator (Backhoe mounted with breaker/bucket) or equivalent mechanical plant for general lifting | 1        | | Hand tool for excavation (Saw-cut machine)                  | 3        | | Permanent magnetic lifter                                   | 1        |
### Manpower
| Manpower       | Quantity | |----------------|----------| | General Labour | 3        |
### Lifting Arrangement
No part of the mobile crane/crane lorry will work beyond the water filled barrier and the maximum lifting load shall be <80% of SWL. Load of lifting gears must be counted as part of the lifting load. For any lifting operation by crane lorry, the mobile crane / crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended and the unsafe zone will be fenced off under the approved TTM in Section 7 & Appendix A.
## 6. Traffic and Security Management
### Contractor Vehicle Arrangement
The access to the site shall be as follows:
### Temporary Traffic Arrangement
To facilitate the trial excavation, TTMs will be implemented section by section in order to maintain the waiting area for vehicles passing through the west level crossing to W11. TTM will be set up and removed after the completion of works daily. The trench will be temporarily covered with steel plates to allow for the resumption of vehicle traffic. The works will be fenced off by traffic cones and signage with traffic controllers deployed to control the traffic. Details for the section-by-section procedure are attached in Appendix A. The TTM arrangement for the works was presented in the EDoC and Method Statement meeting on 21 March 2024. In principle, no adverse comments were received and this method was approved in principle in the meeting. The approved TTA arrangement will be submitted to MTR separately.
## 7. Works Methodology
### 8.1 Preparation Works
Before carrying out the excavation works, UU detection is to be carried out by a CP. (Under separate submission) A pre-job briefing is required to be given prior to the commencement of works between the CP workers and Site Engineer for the UU detection. Set out the location of the trial trench. Please refer to the Appendix A for the proposed location of the trial trenches. Fence off the works area by traffic cones and set up warning signs. Exact trial trench locations shall be further verified and agreed with the CSCE engineer before commencement. Conduct cable detection by a competent person CP with reference to the latest underground utilities plan. Before commencement of any digging works, the underground utilities detection report shall be certified and a signed Permit-To-Dig form shall be in place.
### 8.2 Trench Excavation
- No vehicle driving pass and no material shall be stockpiled within the 45 degree failure zone of the trail trench. Hence The traffic cone shall be placed at 0.5m -1m away from the edge of the trail trench. - The concrete / bitumen surface shall be saw-cut before concrete breaking by hand tools. - The Trial trench shall be approx. 440mm wide and up to 1m in depth. If necessary, the excavator or other plant and equipment will be deployed to remove the existing concrete and hard material for removal of the road paving or any obstruction to pit excavation. - The plan in Appendix A shows the detail of the trench and section by section layout.
### Concreting plan and logistics for EVA reinstatement
- The trial trench shall be backfilled by the sand bag backfill until the bottom of the existing concrete slab and reinstated with the 40/20D grade of concrete under separate material submission and thickness shall matched with the existing condition after all as-built information has been recorded. The concrete truck shall access from the West Gate and reinstate all trial trenches under the approved TTA in the same working shift. - For concreting work, we shall adopt the traffic cone set up as shown in Figure 8.2 with same TTA arrangement. The concrete pour shall be conducted within the fence off area. One traffic lane shall be provided during the concrete pour which demonstrate no obstruction of traffic.
## 8. Safety
- All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager / Engineer / Safety Officer / Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. - A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Survey Team, Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix C. - To ensure the workers carrying out the trial trench excavation works are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be provided before the operation commences. - Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Plastic barriers and reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencement to demarcate the working area. - The trial trench shall be inspected on weekly basis by a Competent Person and a ‘Form 4 – Excavation of Earthworks’ inspection form shall be filled in to ensure the trial trench are in safe condition. - A Permit-to-Dig system shall be implemented and strictly followed to mitigate the risk of damage to existing underground utilities. Relevant valid underground utilities plans shall be obtained and cable detection shall be conducted by competent person before commencement of works. A briefing shall be conducted to the workers to inform them of the underground utility conditions at the works area and precautions required. The proposed working area should be marked physically on site by CP. - Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works / Supervisors inspection in the Trial Trench. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landing place. - Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/ Engineer/ Foreman etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix E.  The risk for the works has been assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix C.
## 9. Environmental
The following mitigation measures will be followed:  - General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (08:00 to 18:00). No works using PME will be carried out after 07:00pm on Sunday and public holiday without a valid construction noise permit. - Excavated soil shall be stocked pile at the designated area and covered properly by tarpaulin or other accepted means to avoid being blown away under strong wind condition to prevent dust generation and reused on site prior to disposal. - ULSD Diesel will be used in all PME. - Plant with QPME label will be deployed if available. - Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site. - All chemicals will be placed on drip tray. - Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal. - The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP).
## 10. Quality Control
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.  - Construction works shall be fully complied with Quality Plan. - For a work activity which is classified as "Quality Hold Point", no subsequent work can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR's inspectorate.
## 11. Appendices
- A. Proposed Trial trench location, layout and temporary traffic arrangement - B. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) - C. Risk Assessment - D. Technical Specification for Equipment and Plants - E. Emergency Contact List - F. GI log for surrounding area - G. Typical Shoring System for Trail Trench Excavation