# Method Statement for Installation of Socket H Pile at Bifurcation & OHL Mast
## 1. **Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)**
This method statement focuses on the Socket-H piling work at W2 which lies between the test track and TCL/AEL and at W1 for those socket H pile for OHL mast. EDOC is required and will be submitted on approval of this method Statement. The H pile construction at W12 for Tai Ho Interchange, W6 for SPS construction and H pile near sewage deck will be submitted separately. Prior to the commencement of the piling, method statements associated with the utilities detection, installation of I&M, railway protection fencing installation, level crossing construction, sheet pile installation along bifurcation area and temp platform shall be submitted and approved. This method statement covers the access of labour, plant and material to the works area and the general procedure for socket H pile installation. Furthermore, it includes the specific drilling rig and mobile crane to be adopted and detailed set up on site. It provides the responsible personnel including managers, engineers and workers for executing the construction activities. Lastly, it includes the safety and environment and quality control requirements to ensure the construction is safe and robust. Relevant risk assessments and drawings can be found in the appendix.
## 2. **Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)**
- Practice Note PNAP -24 - Practice Note RC No.14 - MTRCL-New Works Design Standards Manual -Section 3-Railway Engineering - Hong Kong Transport Services Business Unit Requirements and information for contractor - Hong Kong Transport Services Unit Railway Safety Rules - MTRCL Working Paper No.6-Railway Protection -Revision B-December 2022 - MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-(S2) Scope-Vol 4 (Book 4 of 9) Appendix AM-Clients Rules and Procedures for Working Within or Adjacent to the Railway - MTRCL Contract 17-1 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works –Instructions TO Tenders, and - MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works –Contract Data - BUGN2023/21 (Issue/Rev:1.0)
## 3. **Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor**
The works will be carried out by our subcontractor and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full-time CP(T) (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site, 1 CP(T) will be appointed for 20 workers at the same work area. All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety Training (RSI). Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.
## 4. **Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement**
CSHK is responsible to inspect, supervise and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:  | Company | Name | Position | |---------|------|----------| | CSHK    | Vincent Li | Construction Manager | |         | Nana Chung | Assistant Construction Manager | |         | Lewis Ng | Assistant Section Agent | |         | Johnson Chung | Senior Engineer | |         | David Lam | Senior Engineer | |         | Sam Tsang | Engineer | |         | Jacky Luo | Engineer | |         | Li Wenguang | Engineer | |         | Kinsley Zhao | Assistant Engineer | |         | Li Man Hin | Graduate Engineer | |         | Benny Yeung | General Foreman (WPIC) | |         | Jacky To | Foreman | |         | TBC | CP(T) |
## 5. **Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)**
### General Working hour Table for W2 (OYB-N & Depot superstructure)
| Item | Works Activity | TH/NPH/NTH | |------|----------------|------------| | 1 | Labour in-out of works area | TH/NPH/NTH | | 2 | Plant in-out of works area through level crossing | NPH | | 3 | Piling works (Casing drilling, H-beam installation) | TH | | 4 | Grouting | TH | | 5 | Construction materials lifting over the test track (if required) | NPH/NTH |
### General Working hour Table for W1 (OHL Mast)
| Item | Works Activity | TH | |------|----------------|----| | 1 | Labour in-out of works area W1 | TH | | 2 | Plant in-out of works area W1 | TH | | 3 | Piling works (Casing drilling, H-beam installation) | TH | | 4 | Grouting | TH | | 5 | Construction materials delivery through TTA Gate 3 | TH |
## 6. **Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)**
### Southern work area near Depot Access Road and Shun Long Road (3 no. Workfront)
#### Plant / Equipment
| Plant / Equipment | Quantity | |-------------------|----------| | Drilling Rigs | 3 | | Mobile Crane | 3 | | Crane Lorry | 2 |
#### Manpower
| Manpower | Quantity | |----------|----------| | General Labour | 6 | | Rigger | 10 | | Rig Operator | 3 | | Crane Operator | 5 |
### Northern work area at SHD Depot at W2 (6 no. Workfronts)
#### Plant / Equipment
| Plant / Equipment | Quantity | |-------------------|----------| | Drilling Rigs | 6 | | Mobile Crane inside W2 | 6 | | Crane Lorry | 3 | | 90T Mobile Crane at South Road | 2 |
#### Manpower
| Manpower | Quantity | |----------|----------| | General Labour | 12 | | Rigger | 20 | | Rig Operator | 6 | | Crane Operator | 11 |
## 7. **Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings**
### 7.1 Prerequisite prior to pre-bored socket H pile installation
Flow of works activity: 1. Installation of I&M (Baseline reading obtained & agreed) 2. RP Fencing erection 3. Predrilling 4. Construction of level crossing/backfilling 5. Precautionary sheet pile installation at W1 & W2  The above works activity shall refer to separate Method Statement.
### 7.2 Logistics Arrangement for W2
#### 7.2.1 Logistics Arrangement: Labour Access
RSI training is required for workers working in W2 area which lies in close proximity to the test track and Mainline. During boarding of the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. A list of workers will be submitted to MTR for registration before starting of the works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested. Workers will be picked up at a designated area such as Tung Chung/Mei Foo Station. They will be transferred through the West Gate or East Gate and taken to the Welfare facility at WX or W1 where they can change into working uniform. From here, the workers will be transported by another shuttle bus (escorted by CP on the shuttle bus) to the designated gate area. A label on the helmet will also help distinguish which workers have attended the RSI training.
#### 7.2.2 General logistics arrangement: Material and Plant delivery
Height checking vehicle before entering East/West gate  Before entering the west gate/east gate, CP(T) will measure the height of vehicle to ensure the height is within 4m. After entering the east/west gate, the Contractor Vehicle will be accompanied by the escort vehicle with CP(T).  A Permit-to-Move is required for vehicles over 4m high and below 4.5m high. Vehicle height measurements/ checks for approval by CWBU to DCC shall be conducted by CP(T)s before entering the depot areas and passing through the west level crossing. When accessing the west level crossing, an escort car with a CP(T) shall communicate with DCC in order to get permission to drive across the level crossing. CP(T) shall inform DYM when the vehicles are passing through the yellow line underneath the height restriction gauge and within the double white zone. No vehicle Reversing is allowed.  ##### 7.2.2.1 Logistics Arrangement from GL A1 – GL 40  We will primarily use the East Gate for the Works at GL A1-40. At this area the test track is to be removed from GL A1 - GL40. The ground level is relatively flat and does not require backfilling. After removal of the test track and OHL mast, construction vehicles with height limited to 4m will be able to access in and out of this area without a level crossing and lifting over the test track is not required for delivering plant and materials.  ##### 7.2.2.2 Logistics Arrangement from GL 40 – GL 100  We will primarily use the East Gate and level crossing at Gate 06 and Gate A for the Works at GL 40-100. At this area the test track is to be maintained. Backfill along the existing slope is required for the erection of RP fencing. Details of the backfilling and erection of the RP fencing shall refer to the separate method statement of RP fencing. After backfilling, the rigs would be able to access from the lower side of Gate 06 and Gate A as shown below.  The piling rigs need to cross the level crossing to access the working location. The travelling height of a rig is around 3.80m, which is lower than the max height allowed at the level crossing, and its width is 2.26m. During working condition, the rig will be positioned parallel with the test track, reducing the risk and hazard of damaging the cables. The working height of the rigs will be 9m in total reduced from 13.61m to suit the overall height of the Railway Protection fencing.  Due to the restricted work area, lifting over the test track is required for delivery of construction equipment and materials. This will be subject to a separate approved EDOC and BUGN being issued by MTR prior to commencing any lifting works.  A temporary steel cover will be installed between GL 40 and GL100, (Detail refer to separate MS and EDOC) details of which will be provided under a separate Method Statement and detailed design submission. After installation of the steel cover, construction material can be lifted across the text track during day time and not limited to NTH only. This would greatly facilitate material delivery and the frequency of using NTH can be greatly reduced.  The casings will be properly stored on site at W2 and secured by using a U-shaped steel clamp fixed to each end of the casings on the bottom row as shown below. Steel wedges would be placed under the bottom of the outer bottom row casings to prevent movement or toppling. The H beams will be stacked in a horizontal position to prevent toppling as shown below (max. height 1.7m/ 9 number that can be stacked). No more than 2 batches of casing/H-pile shall be stored in the bifurcation per work front. The casing length will be limited to 6m in order not to exceed the overall height of the fencing during lifting. A lifting Clamp will be used for rigging the H beam/casing during unloading and loading.
### 7.2.3 Logistics Arrangement: Grouting
We propose to use on site mixing for the pile grouting due to the restricted space available at W2, the grouting station will be located at W11. There will be several grouting stations located at W11 with multiple storing tanks. Cement at the storing tanks/silo will be replenished by using a cement tanker truck through the hose from the refill truck. The grout station will be properly covered. There will be a separate grout pump connected to the grouting station to deliver the mixed grout. The grout pipe will be connected from the grout pump through the buried pipe under the test track and to the designated pile at W2 (Detail refer to separate MS and EDOC). The station will be delivered by flat lorry via the vehicular steel bridge and unloaded at W11. The detail of the pumping station shall refer to Appendix E.
## 7.3 Construction Method/Sequence for W1
### 7.3.1 Logistics Arrangement: Labour & Plant Access through TTA Gate 3
On the South Side, there is an existing access gate (TTA Gate 3) from the slip road from the Tai Ho Interchange. An additional access gate (TTA Gate 3A) is proposed to be installed at the eastern end of Shun Long Slip Road for access and egress to the OHL portal and OYB -South construction areas.  A grouting station will be set up under Shun Long Road near the existing abutment. Cement deliveries will be via TTA Gate 3.
## 7.4 Method & Sequence of Drilling
### 7.4.1 Setting Out
Surveyors will set out the levels, position and alignment of all piles. Permits-to-Excavate will be issued and briefed to the associated site personnel by the CP and WPIC prior to any drilling works. The setting out will be checked by joint survey with MTR’s survey team.
### 7.4.2 Drilling with Casing (Permanent)
For each pile, position the drill rig at the setting out location. Lift the 6m steel casing by mobile crane to the drill rig and fix the steel casing with the drill rig's hydraulic retaining clamp. Once secured, lift the drill bit and insert it into the steel casing. Fix the drill bit with the drill rig's rotator and fix the ring bit to the drill bit and release the hydraulic retaining clamp. Check the verticality with the use of a spirit level in two perpendicular directions and adjust until vertical. Once complete and checked drilling may commence.  Each pile is drilled concurrently with the casing installation by using the ring bit method until the blockhead is reached. The verticality of the pile will be checked again once the first section of steel casing has been installed. Refer to Table 19.1 of the M&W Specification for the verticality tolerance. In accordance with the Project Specification, piles within 10m cannot be installed concurrently.  The RP fence structure is required to have sufficient clearance to the structural gauge which is a minimum of 2615 mm measured, from rail centreline, for the depot track and it is 2995 mm for the mainline. Refer to the RP fence method statement, submitted separately, for details.  Minimum Working Space for Socket H Pile along Track:  =1.35m (width of RP fence footing) + 0.5m (clearance) +1.7m (half width of piling rig)  If a pile is found to be out of tolerance, the casing will be extracted and re-drilled to the required position. If a pile is found within tolerance, the drilling will continue until reaching the required level. After reaching the required level, retract the drill rods and cover the top of the casing to prevent any object / body falling into the hole.  The drill bit shall not advance independently of the casing. During installation of the permanent casing, the drilling bit must be interlocked with the casing by the pilot bit and casing shoe as shown in the attached catalogue in Appendix D. Each segment of the steel casing are joined by butt-welding to form a continuous casing. During welding, a spirit level will be used to ensure the straightness of the joint between the 2 steel sections.  Upon the completion of permanent the casing installation, the volume of excavated material will be compared to the theoretical quantity to determine the extent of over break (if any). A procedure shall be carried out to monitor the condition of over-break that the volume of drilled out soil will be measured and compared with the theoretical volume.
### 7.4.3 Rocket Socket Drilling
After completing the permanent left-in casing drilling to the required level, the "Down the Hole" method will be used to drill the specified 550mm diameter rock socket into grade III bedrock or better. The minimum length of rock socket shall be in accordance with the Contract drawings. The Engineer's Representative shall be informed to witness once the rockhead level has been reached. Rock samples shall be collected for inspection by the Engineer's representative.
### 7.4.4 Installation of Steel H Pile
After cleaning of the pile and prior to installation of the steel section, the MTR inspection team will be invited to check and verify the depth. 12m Steel H-pile sections (305x305x223 kg/m UBP) prefabricated will be lifted by mobile crane into the installed steel casing. The final length of the H-pile sections to be installed will be agreed with RP depending on the proximity of the pile to the nearest running rail. Temporary positioning plates shall be welding to the side of the H-pile prior to installation to support the pile once installed and allow welding of the subsequent H-pile section. The positioning plates shall be subject to a design and ICE check prior installation. After welding of the H-pile sections, splice plates and strengthening plates as shown on the contract drawings, shall be welded into position at each joint of the H-pile. This process will continue until the H-pile has been installed to the full depth of the pile. During welding, a spirit level will be used to ensure the straightness of the joint between the 2 steel
## 8. **Safety (Risk Assessments)**
### Smoking Arrangement
All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety Training (RSI), and can only smoke at the designated smoking area provided by CSHK.
## 9. **Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)**
- Works will be carried out during normal hours from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm. If necessary, works may need to be carried out after 07:00 pm on Monday to Sunday with an approved construction noise permit. - ULSD Diesel will be used in all PME; Plant with QPME label will be employed if available; Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site. - All chemicals will be placed on a drip tray. - Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal. - The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP).
## 10. **Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)**
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan. To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement and inspection & test plans which are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day-to-day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers, and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents.  Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with "Hold Points" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the MTR inspection team following inspection of the works by the CSHK's project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points.  Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and/or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.
## 11. **Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)**
- **Appendix A** - Risk Assessment - **Appendix B** - Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) - **Appendix C** - Drawing - **Appendix D** - Plant Catalogue - **Appendix E** - Emergency Contact List  ---  This method statement provides a comprehensive guide for the installation of Socket H Pile at Bifurcation & OHL Mast, ensuring that all safety, environmental, and quality control measures are adhered to throughout the construction process.