# Method Statement of Disposal of C&D Materials
## 1. **Introduction**
This Method Statement gives a guideline for the execution of the Disposal of C&D Materials procedure at Siu Ho Wan Depot under Contract 1701. This document shall be distributed to relevant parties to introduce the work scopes, to present the sequence of works and to define the associated responsibilities to ensure the health, safety, environment and quality issues addressed. The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required. The general topics outlined in this method statement are the following: - Type of C&D Materials - Management of C&D Materials - Management of Disposal of Marine Sediment - Disposal Plan
## 2. **Reference Documents**
- General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited - 2022) - Scope for Contract 1701. - Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works.
## 3. **Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement**
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:  | Name             | Position                   | |------------------|----------------------------| | CF Chan          | Construction Manager       | | Anthony He       | Assistant Construction Manager | | Nick Wang        | Site Agent                 | | Tim Cai          | Engineer                   | | Andrew Mak       | Engineer                   | | Charles Xu       | Graduate Engineer          | | Andrew Lo        | Graduate Engineer          | | Leung Kwok Fung  | Safety Manager             | | Ernest Young     | Assistant Safety Officer   | | James Ma         | Environmental Manager      | | Iris Ho          | Environmental Officer      | | Priscilla Yick   | Assistant Environmental Officer | | Cheung Siu Kei   | Superintendent / WPIC      | | Ng Ho Lun        | Senior Foreman / WPIC      |  - **Construction Manager / Assistant Construction Manager**: Responsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. - **Site Agent / Senior Engineer / Engineer**: Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers. - **Safety Manager/Safety Officer**: Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site. - **Environmental Manager/ Environmental Officer**: Ensuring the environmental mitigation measures are properly implemented at site, especially the mitigation measures required for the usage of the vertical seawall that's in the Environmental Review Report approved by EPD. - **Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)**: WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist. - **Workers**: Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification. - **Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))**: CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence.
## 4. **Programme and Working Hours**
The C&D material disposal works will be carried out tentatively from Mid-2024 to Mid-2026. The general working hours will be from 08:00 - 18:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be required to carry out works from 18:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement. All the works within OA Area shall be led by CP(T)/CP(NT) during the approved working period. For works in CA areas that require EDOC approval include all types of non-routine maintenance works carried out by the Hong Kong Transport Services, Capital Works Business Unit or Property Business Unit, such as capital and revenue works, tests, trials, modifications, replacement and repairs with design changes, which have an effect on the operation, safety and reliability of the Operating Railway, CP(T)/ CP(NT) will be required.  - **Barge Frequency**: Maximum 6 trips per day, 7 days per week, Maximum 42 trips per week. - Estimation: - 3 barges for pre-cast units - 2 barges for steel and rebar - 1 barge for excavation material
## 5. **Plant, Equipment & Material**
The major equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow: - For Disposal of C&D Materials - Dump truck - Hopper barge - Ro-Ro Barge with Tipping Hall - Derrick Lighter - Tug boats - Grab lorry - Backhoe
## 6. **Precaution and Preparation Before Commencement of Works**
- Fully Supervision at all times shall be provided at work fronts, especially for the location with significant interfaces with SHD daily operation or other construction works within depot. - Advanced coordination and communication shall be made with interfacing contractors to facilitate works nearby. - For lifting works by grab lorry or crane, the operator shall ensure a clear and unrestricted view of the load carried in prior to lifting works. - CP shall report to depot before works could commence and brief safety rules to workers before commencement of work. - CP escort is required for all dump trucks travelling in OA areas, especially travelling to barging point via OA areas. - Environmental mitigation measures shall be checked and ensure to be in place prior to commencement of the barging operation.
## 7. **Construction Methods**
### 7.1 Type of C&D Materials
For the type and volume of C&D Materials, please refer to separate submission 1701/W/000/CSC/790/000029 Spoil Disposal Plan.
### 7.2 Management of C&D Materials
#### 7.2.1 Seawall and Barging Point Arrangement
Using the seawall and the barging point, we will arrange for the disposal of the C&D materials. For the arrangement of seawall and the barging point in Siu Ho Wan Depot, please refer to separate submission 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000204 Method Statement for Seawall Arrangement.
#### 7.2.2 Classification
For the classification of C&D Materials, please refer to separate submission 1701/W/000/CSC/790/000029 Spoil Disposal Plan.
#### 7.2.3 Sorting of C&D Materials
For sorting of C&D Materials, please refer to separate submission 1701/W/000/CSC/790/000029 Spoil Disposal Plan.
#### 7.2.4 Forecast of C&D Materials
For forecast of C&D Materials, please refer to separate submission 1701/W/000/CSC/790/000029 Spoil Disposal Plan.
#### 7.2.5 Construction Waste Disposal Charging Scheme
CSHK have applied to EPD for a billing account and obtain chits for the disposal of C&D non-inert waste to landfill sites in WENT and inert materials at the TM 38 Public Fill Reception Facility. The CHIT example is shown in Figure 1.  A trip-ticket system (TTS) will be implemented to manage and record the removal of C&D material generated from the construction work on Contract 1701.  A Disposal Delivery Form and related Daily Record Summary for Disposal of C&D materials from site will be used to manage our C&D material disposal process. The trip tickets will record specific designated disposal grounds.  CSHK will inform the Project Manager's Representative in advance for removal of C&D materials.  The Project Manager's Representative will check each truckload of C&D materials/waste leaving the site and the representative will complete and stamp the Disposal Delivery Form (DDF) (as attached in Appendix).  The dump truck will proceed to the disposal ground as stipulated in the DDF. In the event that the disposal ground is the Barging Facility or other approved designated disposal ground, the truck driver will present the DDF to the facility operator. If the spoil disposal material complies with the acceptance criteria, disposal of the materials will be permitted and the facility operator will return the truck driver a transaction receipt and stamp the DDF.  CSHK will maintain a daily record of the disposal of C&D material from the site which will include details of the materials, the truck number, departure time, etc, using the summary record of trip ticket system. The copy of the daily record will be forwarded to depot for reference and retention.  CSHK will update the summary record of trip ticket system on a daily basis or whenever there is a return of transaction records from the truck drivers. The record will be readily available for checking by the Project Director's Representative and will be submitted formally to the Project Manager's Representative on a monthly basis as part of the monthly update of the Environmental Management Plan.  For disposal at PFRF or Landfill, CSHK will check on a regular and routine basis the information in the summary record of trip ticket system against the disposal records of C&D materials from EPD's website. The quality and environmental manager will arrange internal audits to track internal movements of materials and ensure no irregular disposal occurs.  In the event a trip ticket process irregularity is detected CSHK will submit to MTRCL, within five working days, the supporting stamped DDF and the transaction receipts to confirm proper completion of the delivery trips.
#### 7.2.7 Dump Truck Tracking System
Every dump truck, delivery barge or hopper barge used for disposal of C&D materials must equip with a Global Positioning System. For Dump Truck Tracking System or Global Positioning System (GPS), please refer to the separate submission 1701/W/000/CSC/510/000013 Real Time Tracking and Monitoring System for Dump Trucks and 1701/W/000/CSC/790/000029 Spoil Disposal Plan.
#### 7.2.8 Dumping License
All dump truck drivers should apply for a valid dumping license from the Fill Management Division, CEDD, to dump public fill within the CEDD public fill reception facilities if required.
#### 7.2.9 Mechanical Covers
All vehicles transporting spoil from the site for disposal have their loads fully covered with a mechanical cover to prevent spillage of spoil on the roads. For mechanical cover requirements, please refer to separate submission 1701/W/000/CSC/790/000029 Spoil Disposal Plan.
#### 7.2.10 Temporary Storage Area for C&D Materials
There will be two 20m x 20m temporary storage areas in W11. One will be storing C&D materials, the other one will be storing marine sediments. In the C&D material temporary storage area, there will be a portion of the space used to store non-inert C&D materials. Each storage area can store at least 1000 tons of materials. The layout plan will be shown in the following figure. WPIC from CSHK will check the temporary storage areas regularly to ensure that no flammable materials would be stored in the area.
#### Figure.2 – Temporary storage area layout plan

### 7.3 Management of Disposal of Marine Sediment
#### 7.3.1 Marine Dumping permit Application
To avoid and minimize the impacts arising from the marine sediments, CSHK will apply for the marine dumping permit under Dumping at Sea Ordinance (DASO) from EPD for the sediment disposal. The updated permits will be placed on board for readily inspection.  All Marine Sediment will be transported and dumped at the designed dumping grounds as specified in the dumping permit. The uncontaminated marine sediments containing Category L will be deposited of at Type 1 — Open Sea disposal area allocated by the Marine Fill Committee. The removed contaminated marine sediments containing Category M sediments both passing and failing biological tests and Category H sediment passing biological tests as designed in ETWBTC(W) 34.2002 will be disposed of at Type 2- Confined Marine Disposal Area allocated by the Marine Fill Committee.  The hopper barge for transporting the excavated sediment to the specified marine dumping site will be fitted with tight fitting seal to their bottom openings to prevent leakage of sediment and equipped with a front-end module unit for Real time Tracking & Monitoring of Vessel (RTTMV) to prevent any illegal dumping. No double handling of the excavated sediment would be performed after the hopper barge leaving the barging point and therefore the excavated sediment shall not be loaded into other vessels for whatever purpose.  The hopper barge collected the excavated sediment from the barging point, with a copy of the valid dumping permit on board, will be towed by tug boats to the specified marine dumping site. Before the loaded hopper barge leaves the barging point to the specified marine dumping site, a notification of dumping will be provided to the Management Team of specified marine dumping site, as required by the CEDD.  On arrival of the specified marine dumping site, the hopper barge operator will report to the control office of the Management Team of the specified marine dumping site. The hopper barge operator will then follow the instruction given by the Management Team staff and manoeuvre the hopper barge into the specified marine dumping site. Dumping will be commenced by an area as directed by the Management Team and proceeded slowly and steadily.  The bottom opening of hopper barge will be closed immediately after dumping, and will be kept closed during its return journey. After the completion of the sediment discharging, the hopper barge operator will inform the control office of Management Team before leaving the specified marine dumping site.
#### Table 4 – Disposal Spaces for Types of Sediments
| Disposal Type                | Category of Sediments | In-situ Volume of Sediment | Sediment Disposal Spaces                                                                                  | |------------------------------|-----------------------|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| | Type 1-Open Sea Disposal     | Category L Sediments  | 10,741 m3                  | The subarea “SHW Depot Phase 1 & Adv” within the South Cheung Chau Open Sea Sediment Disposal Area as shown on Drawing No. MFC/002-SHW Depot Phase 1 & Adv. | | Type 1-Open Sea Disposal (Dedicated Site) | Category Mp Sediments (i.e. Category M Sediments passing biological test) | 1,132 m3 | Subareas to be directed on site within the Mud Pit of the Confined Marine Sediment Disposal Facility to the East of Sha Chau. | | Type 2 –Confined Marine Disposal | Category H Sediments (i.e. Category H Sediments not requiring test) | 230 m3 | Subareas to be directed on site within the Mud Pit of the Confined Marine Sediment Disposal Facility at the East of Sha Chau. |
### 7.3.3 Supervision and Record Keeping
A full-time site supervisor will be assigned at the barging point to supervise the loading operation. All dumping operations will be supervised and recorded, at the loading points during the loading and at the specified dumping site during the discharging of sediment, so as to ensure the consistency and accuracy of the sediment dumping operation.  A monthly return of sediment dumping records will be submitted, within the first week of each month, to the Engineer and the MFC, showing the number of the barge loads and estimated quantity of dumped material at the dumping site. A "Nil" return shall be provided even if no sediment dumping operation will carry out within any particular month.
## 7.4 Disposal Plan for C&D Materials
### 7.4.1 From Depot to Seawall
#### Automatic Wheel Washing Facility
The details of the Automatic Wheel Washing Facility are in Appendix. The location of the facility is shown in the below Figure. The exact location of the wheel washing facility will be subjected to the site condition.
#### Figure.7.1 – Wheel washing facility layout plan

### 7.4.2 From Seawall to Barge
The barging facility would be used for the disposal of C&D materials. A roro barge would work as the floating device such that the disposal trucks could drive on them to reach the hopper barge or delivery barge. The arrangement for loading the excavated materials is illustrated in Figure 7.1.  CSHK will further liaise with depot and CEDD about the actual date of the C&D disposal and using the seawall. CSHK will treat the delivery of MTR trains and materials as first priority, to ensure that the delivery of MTR trains and materials using seawall will not be affected.  All barging operations will be curtailed if the visibility falls below 1.0 nautical mile, or Typhoon Signal No.3 or above or Black Rainstorm Warning is hoisted. All barges will go to the nearest typhoon shelter when typhoon signal No.3 or above is hoisted.  There will be a net provided at the sides of the tipping haul during the disposal process of C&D materials from the dump truck to the barges for dust mitigation purpose.  C&D materials will be unloaded into an area of the hopper barge directly below the tipping hall. If there is a need to spread out the materials in the barge, CSHK will move the barge, such that any further C&D materials can be loaded into an empty area of the barge, or if there is plant or equipment on the barge, we will utilize it to spread out the materials without the need for the barge to reposition. Mitigation measures such as water spraying will be implemented to minimize dust emission.  There will be load lines at
## 8. **Safety (Risk Assessments)**
### 8.1 General Safety
- All workers shall attend a site-specific induction course conducted by the Safety Team. The Safety Officer shall explain the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment Record, and the Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman in charge of the work shall explain the system of work to his supervisors and workers. - All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager/Safety Officer/Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. All workers on site shall obtain an approved "Mandatory Basic Safety Training Certificate." - Toolbox talk training with reference to the recommended safety and environmental control measures after Construction Risk Assessment will be provided to the site personnel prior to commencing works. - A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Foreman/Engineer/Construction Manager, MTR’s representatives, and Safety Department to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects, and the requirements. - Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets/sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves, and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Warning signs and barriers will be erected where necessary. - Particular care needs to be taken when working on or near busy roads. No works will be undertaken unless safe access, including approved and fully implemented TTM/TTAs where necessary. - Any emergency situation shall be reported to Subcontractor and Contractor (i.e., Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman and Safety Department, etc.) for prompt response. - All workers should have RSI qualification when working at OA Area such as near the seawall/main road.
### 8.2 Safety for Marine Sediment Disposal
During the operation of the marine sediment disposal, all the barges and associated tug boats will follow the below safety issues:  - All barges representatives boarding/disembarking the Office Barge shall wear non-slippery shoes and life jackets. Any barge's representative not complying with this requirement will not be permitted to board/disembark from the Office Barge. Any non-compliance will be reported to the relevant Permit Holder and project management office. - All tug boats and barges will turn on their lights while working in the vicinity of the Mud Pits in dark or when visibility is poor. - Any barge while waiting in the vicinity of the Mud Pits to queue up for disposal, the barge will be served/looked after by a tug boat. - Life jackets and life saver rings will be placed near the bollards at the seawall during the works at seawall.
### 8.3 Risk Assessment
The risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix A.
## 9. **Environmental**
### Key Assumptions
- No marine works (e.g., dredging of sediment, modification of existing seawall, etc.) would be required. - Dry goods, steel, rebar, spoils, machineries, DfMA, and MiC structural elements would be unloaded via barges. - Average 6 trips per day and 7 days per week (i.e., 42 trips per week) would be utilized between Year 2024 and Year 2027 for depot construction. - Spoils will be loaded onto dump trucks within the main construction site. The dump trucks will travel to the vertical seawall and directly onto barges before unloading into the barge. Good site practices and control measures described below would be undertaken. - There would be no residential receivers in the vicinity during the temporary use of the existing vertical seawall.
### General Mitigation Measures
- General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (08:00 to 18:00). However, should the progress demand for the works to be undertaken from 19:00 to 07:00 the next day or on public holidays, a construction noise permit shall be obtained as necessary. - Plant with QPME label will be employed if available. - Only plant with NRMM label will be used unless exempted. - For disposal of C&D materials, water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation. - C&D material for disposal will be water sprayed to suppress dust. - Wheel-washing facilities should be provided at the exits from work areas. A hard-surfaced road between any washing facility and the public road should also be provided. - Regular watering of active works areas, exposed areas, and paved haul roads. - Drip trays should be provided to chemical waste containers. The drip tray should be cleaned up regularly. Clean up should be done before foreseeable inclement weather such as typhoon or heavy rain. - The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).
### Mitigation Measures for Potential Ecological and Fisheries Impacts
No specific ecological mitigation measures are deemed necessary. However, it is essential to implement all necessary control measures to avoid and minimize any indirect impacts during the temporary utilization of the existing vertical seawall period. A summary of these control measures is given below.  - The Contractor shall ensure the real-time GPS or equivalent system is installed and operating on all the barges during their services to record the marine travel routes and the relevant GPS data including justification and consideration for the use of the western marine route shall be sent to the Project Engineer/full-time Resident Site Staff (RSS) for daily review and ET/IEC will support on the project where necessary. The daily record of marine travel route will be reviewed, collected, and filed by the RSS for inspection and monitoring purposes. - ET and IEC will carry out sample checks of the GPS records regularly (e.g., at least once a month). - The Project Engineer/RSS would verify the GPS or equivalent data and identify any events when barges incidentally enter into Marine Parks, and instruct the Contractor to investigate and/or rectify such events as soon as practicable. - Relevant specification clauses related to the above tasks shall be included in the Tender Specification for implementation by the Contractor. - In case any barges incidentally enter into Marine Parks, the ET/Project Engineer/RSS shall instruct the barge operators to leave Marine Parks as soon as practicable. Nevertheless, the barges are subject to a speed limit of not more than 10 knots at any time inside Marine Park according to the Marine Parks and Marine Reserves Regulation (Cap. 476A). The tender document would also request the Contractor to comply with the statutory requirements. - The ET shall report any events when barges incidentally enter into Marine Parks in the EM&A report.
### Mitigation Measures for Potential Water Quality Impacts
As the barging point is located near the Brothers Marine Park, the following good site practices should be implemented to minimize the potential water quality impact due to the usage of the barging point:  - The wastewater should be collected within the site and would not discharge to the sea. - All vessels should be sized so that adequate clearance is maintained between vessels and the seabed in all tide conditions, to minimize that undue turbidity is not generated by turbulence from vessel movement or propeller wash. - Loading of barges should be controlled to prevent the splashing of material into the surrounding water. - Barges shall not be filled to a level which will cause overflow of materials or pollution of water during loading or transportation. - Excess materials shall be cleaned from the decks and exposed fittings of barges before the vessels are moved. - Adequate freeboard shall be maintained on barges to reduce the likelihood of decks being washed by wave action.
### Mitigation Measures for Potential Air Quality Impacts
Air Pollution Control (Construction Dust) Regulation and good site practice as follows:  - Any excavated or stockpile of dusty material including those on barges should be covered entirely by impervious sheeting or sprayed with water to maintain the entire surface wet and then removed or backfilled or reinstated where practicable for the excavation or unloading. - Any dusty materials remaining after a stockpile is removed should be wetted with water and cleared from the surface of roads. - Any skip hoist for material transport should be totally enclosed by impervious sheeting. - The excavated materials produced during the construction would be transported by trucks and then unloaded to the barges. No stockpile area would be provided at the vertical seawall. - The haul roads connecting to the vertical seawall would be all paved. Vehicles should be washed to remove dusting materials from its wheels and bodies before leaving the construction site and entering the barging point. To alleviate the potential dust impacts, the dusty materials on the trucks would be well covered and flexible dust curtains would be provided at the loading points (from the berths of the vertical seawall to the barges).
### Mitigation Measures for Disposal of Marine Sediments
The works shall follow the requirements and conditions from the DASO dumping permit.  - All dumping vessels have to be approved in a marine dumping permit issued under the DASO. - Fit all hopper barges with tight-fitting seals to their bottom openings to prevent leakage of material. - Dumping should be carried out only at the specified site as shown in the permit. - Size all vessels such that adequate clearance is maintained between the seabed and vessels at all states of the tide, to ensure that undue turbidity is not generated by turbulence from vessel movement or propeller wash. - Release the sediments rapidly and close the hoppers immediately; any materials adhering to the sides of the hopper shall not be washed out of the hopper and the hopper shall remain closed until the barge returns to the disposal site.
## 10. **Quality Control**
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan. Construction works shall be fully complied with the Quality Plan. For work activity which is classified as “Quality Hold Point,” no subsequent work can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR’s inspectorate.
## 11. **Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)**
- A. Risk Assessment - B. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) - C. Example of Disposal Delivery Form (DDF) - D. Application for Marine Dumping Permit under DASO - E. Automatic wheel washing facility (EnviroWash) - F. Yun Lee Plant List - G. Yun Lee Vessels Certifications - H. Swept Path for Turn Around for Dump Trucks on Roro Barge