# Installation of Water Filled Barrier at W3 and W7 Erection of Container and Site Office at W7 Site Clearance at W3  wo appendix
## 1. Introduction

## 2. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor
The works will be carried out by our direct labour and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full-time CP (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site, 1 CP will be appointed for 20 workers at the same work area. All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI). If necessary, CP will be arranged at each works areas. Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.
## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:  | Company | Name           | Position                          | |---------|----------------|-----------------------------------| | CSHK    | Vincent Li     | Construction Manager              | | CSHK    | Nana Chung     | Assistant Construction Manager    | | CSHK    | David Lam      | Senior Engineer                   | | CSHK    | Johnson Chung  | Senior Engineer                   | | CSHK    | Jacky Luo      | Engineer                          | | CSHK    | Kingsley Zhao  | Assistant Engineer                | | CSHK    | Li Man Hin     | Graduate Engineer                 | | CSHK    | Cheung Siu Kei | Superintendent (WPIC)             | | CSHK    | Wong Yu Fung   | Senior Foreman                    | | CSHK    | Ng Ho Lun      | Senior Foreman                    | | CSHK    | Pun Chi Ho     | Foreman                           | | CSHK    | Luk Si Sun     | Mechanic & authorized electrician | | CSHK    | TBC            | CP(T)                             |
## 4. Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)
- **For Installation of Water Filled Barrier at W3A, W3B, W3C and W7**: The works target to be commenced on 25 Jan 2024. The works will be carried on daytime from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm, Monday to Saturday. - **For Erection of Container and Site Office at W7**: The works will be commenced after water filled barrier with access gate erected. The works will be carried on daytime from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm. - **For Site Clearance at W3A, W3B, W3C**: The works target to be commenced on 25 Jan 2024 after water filled barrier installed. The works will be carried on daytime from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm, Monday to Saturday. The works shall obtain Depot YM’s prior permission. ETMS shall be provided & approved, and the CP shall obtain DOC permission to start the works.
## 5. Resource, Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)
### For Installation of Water Filled Barrier at W3A, W3B, W3C and W7
#### Plant/Equipment
- **Lorry**: 1 - **Mobile Water Tanker**: 1
#### Manpower
- **General Labour**: 6 - **Driver**: 2
### For Erection of Container and Site Office at W7
#### Plant/Equipment
- **Crane Lorry**: 1 - **Lorry**: 1 - **Generator (QPME)**: 1
#### Manpower
- **General Labour**: 6 - **Driver**: 2 - **Rigger**: 2 - **Fire Warden**: 1
### For Site Clearance at W3A, W3B, W3C and W7
#### Plant/Equipment
- **Crane Lorry**: 1 - **Backhoe**: 2
#### Manpower
- **General Labour**: 4 - **Driver**: 1 - **Rigger**: 2 - **Operator**: 1
## 6. Traffic and Security Management
### Contractor Vehicle Arrangement
- Pre-registration of the car plate and driver information will be provided to the Security Operation Centre (SOC) to obtain the entry permit through the west gate. - Contractor Vehicle should display the entry permit, a label with the wording '1701 contractor vehicle' and location plan, and the destination on the windscreen. - CSHK will report the total number of workers In/Out Records to SOC Daily. - Reregistered vehicles shall not carry unauthorized/unregistered passengers. - Before entering the west gate, CSHK, CP(T) will measure the height of the vehicle, ensure the height is within 4m. - After entering the west gate, the Contractor Vehicle will be accompanied by the escort vehicle with CP(T). - No vehicle over 4m high and below 4.5m high is allowed unless a Permit-to-Move is issued by CWBU to DCC for approval. Vehicle height measurements/checks shall be conducted by CP(T)s before entering depot areas and passing through the west level crossing. - When accessing west level crossing, escort car of CP(T) shall communicate with DCC in order to get permission to drive across the level crossing. CP(T) shall inform DYM when vehicles passing through the yellow line underneath the height restriction gauge, and within the double white zone. No vehicle Reversing is allowed. - Permitted vehicles must be driven through level crossings at a speed of not over 10kph. - All vehicles, except shuttle bus for staff and workers, shall not be entered from West gate from 7:30 am to 8:30 am in order to minimize the track jam. - For details of traffic and security management plan shall refer to separate submission. - All security guards shall have RSI training.
### Worker Verification
- All workers will be picked up at designated areas such as Tung Chung Station. - During boarding the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. - The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. - List of workers shall be submitted for MTR for registration before starting of works, the list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.
### Uniform and Safety Equipment
- All workers shall wear PPE and the standard uniform and safety helmet for easy recognition by security guards and YM.
## 7. Construction Methods/Construction Sequence Drawings
### Preparation
- Prior to the commencement of the container office or village setup, water filled barrier for W7 to enclose the site shall be completed. - All works before commencement must contact depot YM to get approval first. - Identify the existing MTR facilities at or within construction site, such as manhole cover, OHL portal. Carry out the condition survey and photographic record to locate the UU before any excavation works. Permit to dig system will be implemented to ensure protection system to the existing UU before commencement of works. The method statement will be submitted separately. - If condition survey found MTR existing equipment/material, we will fence off the existing MTR stuff first and have protection. After condition survey, we will give the results to depot and liaise about the existing MTR stuff. - All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI), and can only smoke at the smoking area that demarcated by CSHK. - Prior to commence the works, CSHK will provide the information to MTR CWBU Inspector, in order to submit the work notice to SOC/DCC every Friday.
### For Crane Lorry and Lifting Gear
- All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. All statutory forms/certificates of Lifting Appliances (LA) and Lifting Gear (LG) must be valid. - If they are in good working condition, CSHK will arrange the plants mobilization to site. - Before operation of the plant, CSHK will arrange a plant inspection with MTR CWBU inspector. - If they are in good working condition, CSHK will submit the permit to lift (for crane lorry, grab lorry lifting gear) and plant permit (for backhoe).
### Lunch Arrangement for CSHK workers
- If number of workers less than 10 people, worker can have their lunch at depot canteen after 12:30 pm, if number of workers more than 10 people, worker will go out the site for lunch.
### The sequence for install water filled barrier at W3A, W3B, W3C and W7 is shown in the following table.
| Step | Activity | |------|----------| | 1    | Put the labelled cone on manhole cover on site in order to avoid the water filled barrier covered the manhole cover. | | 2    | We will provide the working schedule for depot yardmaster to coordinate for our loading and unloading works. We will use the traffic cone for temporary lane enclosure for loading and unloading. Deliver the water filled barrier by manual handing of workers. If it is delivery by lorry, at least two workers will move one barrier by manual handling. - Water filled barrier deliver by lorry at W7 and W3A, move the barrier from lorry to ground by manual handling. - Manual handling the water filled barrier to W3B and W3C. - For W3B, it will across the existing road, the CP(T) will supervise the works. | | 3    | Check the quality of water filled barrier, screw up the cover to prevent the water leakage. | | 4    | The barriers shall be placed in alternate red and white colours and connect together such that they stand out the construction site behind them and are visible by day and night. | | 5    | Fill in the water to the maximum water level of every water filled barrier according to the operating instructions of the manufacturer. - Due to the application for water supply needs to go through some process and takes time, in order not to affect the propose commencement date on 25 Jan 2024, we expected to use water tank to fill in the water into the wfb temporarily, and not use depot water, not borrow water from depot. Temporary water connection from existing water main at South Road will be discussed with depot separately, and it will cover by separate method statement. - The water tank would be filled outside the depot and use for filing the barrier. | | 6    | Check whether the water level is between the lowest water level and the highest water level daily. If there is no water after a day, it means that the cover is loose or the barrier is broken, so we should tighten the cover or replace it with a new water-filled barrier. | | 7    | Install the top plastic panel on the water filled barrier. - The plastic panels should have 1-2 transparent, and we will install the panels 1 in 5 to be transparent. Also, plastic panel will be removed when in typhoon signal no. 3 or above. | | 8    | Carry out the supplement erection of water filled barrier of pedestrian access to and around AB11, and placement of guardhouse, portable toilet and generator, as this is done before CA declaration. |
### Erection of water filled barrier around AB11
Condition of water filled barrier shall be checked weekly, any damage shall be replaced if necessary and record shall be submitted to MTR.
### Approved method statement (EDOC if required) with Chinese versions shall be displayed on site for workers.
Moreover, there will be a container toilet and a generator located at W3C.
### Location of the container toilet at W3
#### Method
The electricity generated materials (oil fuel) would not store at the depot area for safety reasons, and it will be switched off after working hours. When constructing the site container village, we will stabilize the facilities for workers to rest/shade. Adequate Container toilets will be used for workers and staffs, and the toilet disposal will be disposed with a septic tanker truck.
### The sequence for erection of container site office at W7 is shown in the following table.
| Step | Activity | |------|----------| | 1    | Setting out the location of container site office at W7 | | 2    | Lift the 20’ container to the defined location. - The weight of 20’ container is 2.2 ton. - The lifting capacity of crane lorry should calculate the 80% safety factor. | | 3    | Install earthing system to the container and power supply. | | 4    | Connect the power supply to all container site office. | | 5    | Connect the water supply (water tank) to the toilet. |
### The sequence for site clearance at W3A, W3B, W3C and W7 is shown in the following table.
| Step | Activity | Picture | |------|----------|---------| | 1    | Transport 2 nos. of 3T-20T backhoe at W3A to carry out the site clearance works for W3A, W3C and W7, and transport a 3T-20T backhoe with breaker to W3B by trailer to carry out the site clearance works for W3B, includes remove the weeds, garbage, breaking up a group of boulders and disposal of boulders. Weeds shall be removed away from Depot as it will catch fire easily. Fire fighting equipment must be provided. |         | | 2    | If the boulders are too large for dump truck, we may break the boulders into small pieces and dispose of boulders by dump truck at W3B. The working area will be enclosed by water-filled barriers with the top plastic panels prior to the commencement of breaking up large boulders. |      | | 3    | - To remove the garbage, CSHK will provide the information for MTR CWBU inspector to fill in the material transfer record sheet to the SOC. - CSHK will arrange the grab lorry to transport the garbage to the waste disposal. |     | | 4    | To check the Underground Utilities Detection Report with a Competent Person and issue the Permit to Dig before the commencement of breaking concreting works (100mm) in W3A for Temporary Underfloor Wheel Lathe with deploying 2 nos. of 3T-20T backhoes. |      | | 5    | - To remove the broken concrete, CSHK will provide the information for MTR CWBU inspector to fill in the material transfer record sheet to the SOC. - CSHK will arrange the grab lorry to transport the broken concrete to the waste disposal. |     |
### The sequence for concrete placing at car park position in W3A is shown in the following table.
| Step | Activity | Picture | |------|----------|---------| | 1    | Carry out minor site formation works by backhoe and vibration plate. No excavation exceed 300mm thick will be allowed. |    | | 2    | Box out the existing drainage and draw pit cover | | | 3    | Concrete the 80mm thick concrete blinding by backhoe |  | | 4    | Apply Carpark marking | |
## 8. Safety (Risk Assessments)
Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Manager together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustments according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.
## 9. Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)
### Smoke Arrangement
- All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety training (RSI), and can only smoke at the smoking area that demarcated by CSHK.
### Layout Plan for Container Site Office at W7

## 10. Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)
### For Installation of Water Filled Barrier at W3 and W7
- Quality check for the water filled barrier once it delivered to site - Checking the water-level of water filled barrier every day
## 11. Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)
- Appendix A - Risk Assessment - Appendix B - Catalogue for Equipment - Appendix C - Layout Plan - Appendix D - Lifting Plan - Appendix E - Emergency Contact List - Appendix F - Inspection and Test Plan (N/A)  中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.  CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 15 of 22  chopped with a red control stamp