# Method Statement for Trial Pit Excavation for SSK Drive
## 1. Introduction
This Method Statement is a safety working method & procedures documents to describing the health, safety, environment & quality requirements for carrying out the trial pit excavation works for SSK drive under the Contract 1701. The methodologies of elimination, mitigation and control of risks shall be addressed. The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.
## 2. Reference Documents
- General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited -2022) - Particular Specification for Contract 1701. - Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works
## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement
### Roles and Responsibilities:
- **Construction Manager**: Responsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. - **Site Engineer / Superintendent / Foreman**: Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers. - **Safety Manager/ Safety Officer**: Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site. - **Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)**: WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist. - **Registered Electrical Workers (REW)**: Workers who have valid certificate of registered electrical worker and completed MTR RSI training and obtain qualification. - **Workers**: Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification. - **Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))**: CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence.  Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspend for contingency/ reasons. Please refer to Appendix E.
## 4. Programme and Working Hours
### Location of Works and Allowed Working Period:
- **Mainline**: Non-Traffic Hour (02:00 – 04:00), 3 days per week - **Test Track**: Night Shift (Exact time to be coordinated), 3 days per week - **Depo Track Area**: Non-Peak Hour (11:00 – 15:00), Night Shift (Exact time to be coordinated)
## 5. Plant, Equipment & Material
All equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. The major equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow and the technical specification is attached in Appendix D: - Hand tool for excavation. - Excavator (Backhoe mounted with beaker/bucket) or equivalent mechanical plant.
## 6. Works Methodology
### 5.1 Preparation Works
- Before carry out the excavation works, UU detection is to be carried out by CP. - Set out the location of the trial pit. Please refer to the Appendix A for the proposed location trial pit. - Fence off the works area by barriers and set up warning signs. - Exact trial pit locations shall be further verified and agreed with the Engineer notified before commencement. - Conduct cable detection by competent person CP with reference from updated underground utilities plan. Before commencement of any digging works, the underground utilities detection report shall be certified and signed Permit-To-Dig form shall be in place.
### 5.2 Pit Excavation
- The concrete / bitumen surface shall be broken by hand dig tool if necessary. Barriers and alert. - Trial Pit shall be of size 1.5m x 1.5m and terminated at 1.5 m deep at most. If necessary, excavator or other plant and equipment will be deployed to remove the existing concrete and hard material for opening of road paving or any obstruction to pit excavation. - The proposed extent for trial pit is shown in the layout plans attached in Appendix A. The exact location and number of trial pit will be subjected to actual site conditions. - For trial pit will be carried out by hand digging. No mechanical plant can be used for digging and can be only used as bucket for assistance. - Excavated materials from the trial pit shall be temporarily stockpiled at designated areas and covered by secured tarpaulin sheets to prevent rainwater seepage and suppress dust. - For underground utilities encountered, the type, location, dimension and nature shall be recorded. Exposed UU should be labelled and protected on site. - When groundwater is encountered before reaching the inspection pit tentative depth, the following procedures be followed: - The location of the inspection pit should be set to identify target utilities in agreement with the MTR’s representative. - The excavation of the inspection pit should be stopped if the collapse of the inspection pit. - MTR’s agreement on the termination of the excavation will be sought. - Trial pit shall be backfilled by the excavated granular soil material until the original ground level is restored. - To ensure the worker carrying out the inspection pit excavation works are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be provided before operation commence. - Trial pit shall be inspected on weekly basis by competent person and Form 4 – Excavation of Earthworks shall be filled in to ensure the inspection pit is in safe conditions. - Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works / Supervisors inspection in the Trial Pit. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landing place.
## 7. Safety
- All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager / Engineer / Safety Officer / Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. - A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Survey Team, Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix D. - To ensure the worker carrying out the inspection pit excavation works are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be provided before operation commence. - Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Plastic barriers and reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencement to demarcate the working area. - Trial pit shall be inspected on weekly basis by competent person and Form 4 – Excavation of Earthworks shall be filled in to ensure the inspection pit is in safe conditions. - Permit-to-Dig system shall be implemented and strictly followed to mitigate the risk of damages to underground utilities. Relevant valid underground utilities plans shall be obtained and cable detection shall be conducted by competent person before commencement of works. Briefing shall be conducted to workers to acknowledge them on the underground utility conditions at the works area and precautions required. The proposed working area should be marked physically on site by CP. - Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works / Supervisors inspection in the Trial Pit. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landing place.  Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/Engineer/ Foreman etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix E. The risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix C.
## 8. Environmental
The following mitigation measures will be followed: - General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (08:00 to 18:00). No works using PME will be carried out after 07:00pm on Sunday and public holiday without a valid construction noise permit. - Excavated soil shall be stocked pile at designated area and covered properly by tarpaulin sheets to prevent dust generation and reused on site prior to disposal. - ULSD Diesel will be used in all PME. - Plant with QPME label will be employed if available. - All chemicals will be placed on driptray. - Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal.
## 9. Quality Control
Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan. - Construction works shall be fully complied with Quality Plan. - For work activity which is classified as "Quality Hold Point", no subsequent work can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR's inspectorate.
## 10. Appendices
- A. Proposed Trial Pit Layout - B. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP) - C. Risk Assessment - D. Technical Specification for Equipment and Plants - E. Emergency Contact List