# 1.13.65 (CS) Method Statement of Treatment of excavated marine deposit

## 1. Introduction

This Method Statement gives a guideline for the treatment of excavated marine deposit procedure at Siu Ho Wan Depot under Contract 1701. This document shall be distributed to relevant parties to introduce the work scopes, to present the sequence of works and to define the associated responsibilities to ensure the health, safety, environment and quality issues addressed. The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.

## 2. Reference Documents

⚫ General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited - 2022)  
⚫ Scope for Contract 1701.  
⚫ Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works.  
⚫ Sediment Quality Report  
⚫ Practice Guide for Investigation and Remediation of Contaminated Land  

## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:

| Name             | Position                     |
|------------------|------------------------------|
| CF Chan          | Construction Manager         |
| Anthony He       | Assistant Construction Manager|
| Nick Wang        | Assistant Construction Manager|
| David Wong       | Senior Engineer              |
| Tim Cai          | Engineer                     |
| Andrew Mak       | Engineer                     |
| Charles Xu       | Graduate Engineer            |
| Andrew Lo        | Graduate Engineer            |
| Leung Kwok Fung  | Safety Manager               |
| Ernest Young     | Assistant Safety Officer     |
| James Ma         | Environmental Manager        |
| Iris Ho          | Environmental Officer        |
| Priscilla Yick   | Assistant Environmental Officer|
| Cheung Siu Kei   | Superintendent / WPIC        |
| Ng Ho Lun        | Senior Foreman / WPIC        |
| Shawn Xu         | Intern (Civil)               |

### (a) Construction Manager / Assistant Construction Manager
Responsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner.

### (b) Site Agent / Senior Engineer / Engineer
Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers.

### (c) Safety Manager/ Safety Officer
Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site.

### (d) Environmental Manager (EM)/ Environmental Officer (EO)
- Managing all environmental issues associated with the project.
- Developing and maintaining the environmental management system for the project.
- Participating in the site environmental inspection with the nominated site staff of the Engineer, supervising and monitoring the environmental performance on site.
- Ensuring that any polluting or potentially polluting situation is promptly rectified.
- Establishment of the environmental management with regard to the corporate requirement.
- Follow up of corrective and preventive actions to provide opportunities for continual improvement on environmental management.
- Collect and advise on applicable standards, specification and statutory regulation on environmental management.

### (e) Worksite Person in Charge (WPIC)
WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist.

### (f) Workers
Workers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification.

### (g) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))
CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence.

## 4. Programme and Working Hours

The treatment of excavated marine deposit works will be carried out tentatively from Mid-2024 to Mid-2026. The general working hours will be from 08:00 – 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be required to carry out works from 19:00 - 7:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement.

All the works within OA Area shall be led by CP(T)/CP(NT) during the approved working period. For works in CA areas that require EDOC approval include all types of non-routine maintenance works carried out by the Hong Kong Transport Services, Capital Works Business Unit or Property Business Unit, such as capital and revenue works, tests, trials, modifications, replacement and repairs with design changes, which have an effect on the operation, safety and reliability of the Operating Railway, CP(T)/ CP(NT) will be required.

## 5. Plant, Equipment & Material

The major equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow:

- For treatment of Excavated Marine Deposit
  - Dump truck
  - Backhoe excavator
  - Grab lorry

## 6. Precaution and Preparation Before Commencement of Works

⚫ Fully Supervision at all times shall be provided at work fronts, especially for the location with significant interfaces with SHD daily operation or other construction works within depot.  
⚫ Advanced coordination and communication shall be made with interfacing contractors to facilitate works nearby.  
⚫ For lifting works by grab lorry or crane, the operator shall ensure a clear and unrestricted view of the load carried in prior to lifting works.  
⚫ CP shall report to depot before works could commence and brief safety rules to workers before commencement of work.  
⚫ CP escort is required for all dump trucks travelling in OA areas.  

## 7. Construction Methods

### 7.1 Treatment of Excavated Marine Deposit

CSHK will explore on the feasibility for the reuse of sediment as backfilling materials on site. The revised sediment quality report (SQR) submitted by MTR to Environmental Protection Department (EPD) under letter ref. (7) in EP 60/G1/12-637 (Pt. III) dated 4 August 2022 was approved by EPD till 1 July 2024. Refer Appendix A for Sediment Sample Locations and Sediment Categorisation Plan.

Referring to contract S205.10.7, III(b), it is noted that CSHK should:
(a) reuse the excavated land-based marine sediment as far as possible within the Site before considering disposal, at least 300 m3 will be reused as backfilling material on site. Marine disposal option for the land-based marine sediment should only be considered as the last resort upon exhaustion of reuse options, and only be implemented with acceptance by the Project Manager and approval by EPD (DASO); and
(b) review the availability of suitable location within the Site and explores possible backfilling methods such that the excavated land-based marine sediment is feasible to be reused as backfilling materials on site.

As noted from the revised SQR report, an estimated 12,103 m3 of marine sediment are required to be excavated under the Project. Based on the screening results and categorisation plan, approximately 10,741 m3 of sediment would be suitable for Type 1 (Open Sea Disposal), 1,132 m3 of sediment would be suitable for Type 1 (Dedicated Site Disposal) and 230 m3 for Type 2 (Confined Marine Disposal).

| Total Sediment (in-situ) | Type 1 (Open Sea Disposal) | Type 2 (Dedicated Site Disposal) | Type 2 (Confirmed Marine Disposal) |
|--------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------------|------------------------------------|
| 12,103 m3                | 10,741 m3                  | 1,132 m3                         | 230 m3                             |

###### Table.1 – Types of marine sediment

As stated in section 7.1(b) above, CSHK will explore on the feasibility for the reuse of sediment as backfilling materials on site. Approximately 100 m3 of the uncontaminated Category L sediment is proposed to be reused on-site as backfilling materials and the backfilling area is shown in Appendix B. In addition, approximately 10641 m3 excavated marine deposit will be disposed to designated locations.

For marine deposit that meet the testing standards, will be regarded as reusable materials, CSHK will use for backfilling in designated areas, on the contrary, it cannot be reused. The treatment standards, techniques, and requirements will be presented in subsequent chapters.

### 7.1.1 Marine Deposit Treatment Standard

CSHK will follow the EPD’s Practice Guide for Investigation and Remediation of Contaminated Land (Practice Guide) to test and treat the contaminated sediment for reuse of the treated sediments with reference to the Unconfined Compressive Strength (UCS) and the Universal Treatment Standards (UTS), which specify the Toxicity Characteristics Leaching Procedure (TCLP) test limits as given in Table.2 of the Practice Guide, as shown in Table.1 below. The UCS criteria should be equal to or greater than 350 kPa.

| Parameters (1)(2) | TCLP Limit (mg/L) |
|-------------------|-------------------|
| Antimony          | 1.15              |
| Arsenic           | 5                 |
| Barium            | 21                |
| Cadmium           | 0.11              |
| Total Chromium    | 0.6               |
| Lead              | 0.75              |
| Mercury           | 0.025             |
| Nickel            | 11                |
| Zinc              | 4.3               |

Table.2 - Universal Treatment Standards for On-site Reuse of Cement Stabilization/Solidification Treated Soil

Notes:
1. Universal Treatment Standard – US 40 CFR 268.48

2. For other metal contaminants under the risk-based remediation goals (RBRGs) e.g. Cobalt, Copper, Manganese, Molybdenum and Tin, they must be reduced by at least 90 percent in mobility for respective metals through cement stabilization / solidification remedial treatment. The reduction of mobility of metal contaminants (leachable metals contaminants) should be confirmed through TCLP tests (i.e. to carry out TCLP test for the untreated soil and for the soil after treatment and to compare the concentrations of the metals in the leachates). Taking into account the sediment under treatment are uncontaminated Category L sediment, the treatment criteria for these other metal contaminants are considered met if the concentrations of cobalt, copper, manganese, molybdenum and tin are below the RBRGs for Urban Residential land use scenario (for railway depot with residential / commercial development above) under EPD’s issued Guidance Manual for Use of Risk-Based Remediation Goals for Contaminated Land Management or, if exceeded the respective RBRGs, the TCLP levels of the concerned metal contaminant(s) in the samples taken after treatment is reduced by at least 90 percent in mobility or smaller than the limit of reporting (LOR).

| Chemical   | RBRGs for Urban Residential land use scenario (mg/kg) |
|------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| Cobalt     | 1480                                                  |
| Copper     | 2950                                                  |
| Manganese  | 10000*                                                |
| Molybdenum | 369                                                   |
| Tin        | 10000*                                                |

Table.3 - Relevant Risk-Based Remediation Goals (RBRGs) for Cobalt, Copper, Manganese, Molybdenum and Tin

Note:
*Indicates a ‘ceiling limit’ concentration.

### 7.1.2 Marine Deposit Treatment Technique

The sediment would be treated using stabilization / solidification (S/S) technique prior to reuse by mixing with cement (e.g. Portland cement). The sediment will be provided with the necessary strength and contaminants (if any) in the sediment will be immobilised in the cement/sediment mix after the S/S process.

Pilot-scale trial will be carried out before the commencement of treatment to determine the optimal cement/sediment ratio (by weight) and curing time that could achieve the treatment standards (e.g. 80% of sediment with 5% Portland cement and 15% in-situ granular / sand material; curing time of 4 days).

The sediment treatment facility is expected to be located within the project site depending on the construction phasing. The treatment process is expected to begin with initial mixing of the sediments with in-situ granular / sand materials in batches using an excavator and/or backhoe. Cement slurry will then be added to the initially mixed sediment for the S/S process. The treated sediments shall be placed at a temporary storage area covered by tarpaulin sheets and securely fixed by sandbags, while samples are taken for laboratory testing.

The treated materials will be tested for the Toxicity Characteristics Leaching Procedure (TCLP) and Unconfined Compressive Strength (UCS) and will meet the Universal Treatment Standards (UTS) with reference to the Practice Guide and the UCS criteria prior to reuse. Sediments that meet the treatment standards are considered suitable for reuse on site. In the event that the treated materials did not meet the UTS and UCS standards, the materials should be treated with a higher cement content (e.g. 10%, 20% or 30%). The re-treated samples should be taken for laboratory testing again for TCLP and UCS to confirm if they can be reused on site. Once the UTS and UCS for the relevant tested parameters is attained, the revised cement content should be maintained for treatment.

To maximize cost benefit and environment value, the optimum mix of cement stabilized marine deposit should contain minimum content of Portland cement, maximum content of marine deposit and adequate content of granular material. The mix proportions of the site trial are shown in Table. 4.

| Trial Mix | Portland Cement | Granular Material | Marine Sediment |
|-----------|-----------------|-------------------|-----------------|
| 1         | 5%              | 15%               | 80%             |
| 2         | 10%             | 15%               | 75%             |
| 3         | 15%             | 15%               | 70%             |
| 4         | 20%             | 15%               | 65%             |
| 5         | 25%             | 15%               | 60%             |
| 6         | 30%             | 15%               | 55%             |

Table.4 – Mix Proportions

### 7.1.3 Sampling and Testing Requirements

The untreated and treated sediment samples will be collected using stainless steel hand tools and contained in appropriate containers as provided by the laboratory. Sufficient sample will be taken to fill up the container upon sample collection. All sampling tools will be decontaminated by thoroughly washing with phosphate-free detergent and then rinsing by distilled water.

The testing frequency will be one sample per 50 m3 of untreated / treated sediment or one sample per batch of untreated / treated sediment if a batch of untreated / treated sediment is less than 50 m3. Any treated samples to be submitted to laboratory for TCLP analysis should be broken up to small pieces with maximum diameter of 10cm.

The sampling and testing schedule are presented in Table. 5 below.

| Stage         | Sampling Frequency                                                                 | Types of Testing                      |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
|               |                                                                                    | Metals Content in Sediment | TCLP Test | UCS |
| Pre-Treatment | 1 sample per 50 m3 of sediment or 1 sample per batch of sediment if a batch of sediment is less than 50 m3 | 1(Co, Cu, Mn, Mo and Sn only) | 1(Co, Cu, Mn, Mo and Sn only) | N/A |
| After Treatment | 1 sample per 50 m3 of treated sediment or 1 sample per batch of treated sediment if a batch of treated sediment is less than 50 m3 | N/A | 2(all parameters) | |

Table.5 - Sampling and Testing Schedule

Notes:
1. For pre-treatment stage, the testing parameters are Cobalt (Co), Copper (Cu), Manganese (Mn), Molybdenum (Mo) and Tin (Sn).

2. For after treatment stage, the testing parameters are Antimony (Sb), Arsenic (As), Barium (Ba), Cadmium (Cd), Total Chromium (Cr), Lead (Pb), Mercury (Hg), Nickel (Ni), Zinc (Zn), Cobalt (Co), Copper (Cu), Manganese (Mn), Molybdenum (Mo) and Tin (Sn).

N/A – Not applicable.

The collected samples will be analysed by an HOKLAS accredited laboratory. The parameters, recommended reporting limits and reference methods for laboratory analysis are shown in Table. 6 below. The sample preparation method of USEPA Method 1311 will be followed for the TCLP analysis.

For UCS, the treated material should be allowed to set to achieve the UCS of not less than 350kPa with reference to the USEPA guidelines (1986) – Handbook of Stabilisation/Solidification of Hazardous Wastes, EPA/540/2-86-001. The test procedure of UCS test should be based on BS 1377.

| Parameter     | Reporting Limit (mg/kg) | Reporting Limit (TCLP Test) (mg/L) | Reference Method* |
|---------------|--------------------------|------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Antimony      | N/A                      | 0.1                                | USEPA 1311 (for TCLP) and USEPA 6020A |
| Arsenic       | N/A                      | 0.1                                | |
| Barium        | N/A                      | 0.1                                | |
| Cadmium       | N/A                      | 0.01                               | |
| Total Chromium| N/A                      | 0.1                                | |
| Lead          | N/A                      | 0.1                                | |
| Mercury       | N/A                      | 0.002                              | |
| Nickel        | N/A                      | 0.1                                | |
| Zinc          | N/A                      | 0.1                                | |
| Cobalt        | 1                        | 0.1                                | |
| Copper        | 1                        | 0.1                                | |
| Manganese     | 1                        | 0.1                                | |
| Molybdenum    | 1                        | 0.1                                | |
| Tin           | 1                        | 0.1                                | |

Table.6 - Parameters, Reporting Limits and Reference Methods for Laboratory Analysis

Notes:
* Alternative testing methods with accreditation by HOKLAS or its Mutual Recognition Arrangement partners may be used.

N/A – Not applicable.

QA/QC samples should be collected in the following frequency during sediment sampling.
- 1 equipment blank per 20 samples for analysis of parameters in Table. 5; and
- 1 field blank per 20 samples for analysis of parameters in Table.5.
- Duplicate sample for QA / QC will be provided.

### 7.1.4 Marine Deposit Laboratory Samples Delivery Requirement

The samples will be stored, transported and maintained at 4°C or lower without being frozen in the dark prior to any laboratory testing. All samples will be packed and transported in such a manner as to avoid shock, vibration or any other disturbance of the samples. Samples will be delivered to laboratory within 24 hours
## 8. Safety (Risk Assessments)

### 8.1 General Safety

- All workers shall attend a site-specific induction course conducted by the Safety Team. The Safety Officer shall explain the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment Record, and the Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman in charge of the work shall explain the system of work to his supervisors and workers.
- All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager/Safety Officer/Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. All workers on site shall obtain an approved "Mandatory Basic Safety Training Certificate".
- Toolbox talk training with reference to the recommended safety and environmental control measures after Construction Risk Assessment will be provided to the site personnel prior to commencing works.
- A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Foreman/Engineer/Construction Manager, MTR’s representatives, and the Safety Department to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects, and the requirements.
- Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site. Safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets/sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves, and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Warning signs and barriers will be erected where necessary.
- Particular care needs to be taken when working on or near busy roads. No works will be undertaken unless safe access, including approved and fully implemented TTM/TTAs where necessary.
- Any emergency situation shall be reported to Subcontractor and Contractor (i.e., Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman and Safety Department, etc.) for prompt response.
- All workers should have RSI qualification when working at OA Area such as near the seawall/main road.
- The treatment area would be a no-go zone during operation.

### 8.2 Risk Assessment

The risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix D.

## 9. Environmental

### General Mitigation Measures:

- General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (07:00 to 19:00). No PME will be used after 19:00 on normal working days and Sundays and public holidays unless with a valid construction noise permit (CNP).
- Plant with QPME label will be employed if available.
- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site and the NRMM label should be displayed at a conspicuous position.
- Stainless steel hand tools for daily use and containers used for placing experimental materials should be cleaned promptly after use.
- All sampling tools will be decontaminated by thoroughly washing with phosphate-free detergent and then rinsing by distilled water.
- Regular watering of active works areas, exposed areas, and paved haul roads.
- Drip trays should be provided to chemical waste containers. The drip tray should be cleaned up regularly. Clean-up should be done before foreseeable inclement weather such as typhoon or heavy rain.
- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP).

### Mitigation Measures for Excavated Marine Deposit

The following mitigation measures shall be implemented during handling and treatment of the sediments:

- The loading, unloading, handling, transfer, or storage of treated and untreated sediment should be carried out in an enclosed system as far as possible in such a manner to prevent or minimize odour/dust emissions.
- Requirements of the Air Pollution Ordinance (Construction Dust) Regulation, where relevant, shall be adhered to during handling, treatment, and transportation of the sediment.
- Any treatment/temporary stockpiling area should be designed to prevent leachate from entering the ground (e.g., impermeable materials should be placed at the bottom of the treatment facility and surrounded by concrete blocks with gaps filled with cement grout or concrete bund). Leachate, if any, should be collected and discharged according to the Water Pollution Control Ordinance (WPCO).
- Mixing process and other associated material handling activities should be properly scheduled to minimize potential noise impact and dust emission.
- The mixing facilities should be sited as far as practicable from the nearby noise-sensitive receivers and to be sited under covers to minimize dust nuisance to the nearby receivers.
- Good housekeeping should be maintained at all times at the sediment treatment facility and storage area.
- Treated and untreated sediment should be clearly separated and stored separately.

## 10. Quality Control

Refer to Appendix E for the Inspection and Test Plan. Construction works shall be fully complied with the Quality Plan. For work activity which is classified as a “Quality Hold Point,” no subsequent work can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR’s inspectorate.

## 11. Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)

- A. Allocation of Sediment Disposal Space and Sediment Categorisation Plan
- B. Backfilling area
- C. Location for Treatment of Marine Deposit and Cement Storage
- D. Risk Assessment
- E. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)
