# 1.13.51 (CS) Method Statement of Height-Gauge Erection

## 1. Objective

## 2. Reference Documents

## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

The works will be carried out by our subcontractor and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full-time CP(T) (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site, 1 CP(T) will be appointed for 20 workers at the same work area. All workers should possess the qualification Railway Safety Training (RSI). Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.

## 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:

| Company | Name            | Position                  |
|---------|-----------------|---------------------------|
| CSHK    | Vincent Li      | Construction Manager      |
| CSHK    | Nana Chung      | Assistant Construction Manager |
| CSHK    | Lewis Ng        | Assistant Section Agent   |
| CSHK    | David Lam       | Senior Engineer           |
| CSHK    | Johnson Chung   | Senior Engineer           |
| CSHK    | Sam Tsang       | Engineer                  |
| CSHK    | Jacky Luo       | Engineer                  |
| CSHK    | Li Wenguang     | Engineer                  |
| CSHK    | Edmond Man      | Engineer                  |
| CSHK    | Kinsley Zhao    | Assistant Engineer        |
| CSHK    | Li Man Hin      | Graduate Engineer         |
| CSHK    | Cheung Siu Kei  | Superintendent (WPIC)     |
| CSHK    | Benny Yeung     | General Foreman           |
| CSHK    | Jacky To        | Foreman                   |
| CSHK    | Chan Man Hin    | Foreman                   |
| CSHK    | TBC             | CP(T)                     |

## 5. Programme and Working Hours

The works target is planned to be commenced in June 2024 and spent 1 workday to complete the task.

- Programme & Working Hour:
  - Daywork
  - Working hour: 08:00 ~ 19:00 (Nominal Time) + 19:00 ~ 23:00 (Optional) with valid CNP
  - Target Completion Day: Begin at early June until the end of July 2024 for Site Survey and Site clearance

### Site Survey and Site Clearance

| Item | Works                                                                                     | TH/NPH/NTH |
|------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| 1    | Site Survey Team will provide mark and level indication on designated location of concrete block set-up. | TH         |
| 2    | Make sure nearby existing facility and equipment owned by SHW Depot team will not be damaged by placing protective barrier (water filled barrier) | TH         |

### Fence off works area

| Item | Works                                                                                     | TH/NPH/NTH |
|------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| 1    | Fence off works area by red plastic barrier to eliminate entry of unauthorized people or vehicle. When crane lorry extends its outriggers in maximum stretch, two lanes will be occupied temporarily. | TH         |

## 6. Plant, Equipment & Material

All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations. Plant permit system will be adopted to ensure the condition of lifting crane and appliance are checked before use. To meet the programme requirement, 1 workfront will be sufficiently fulfilled work task. The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follows:

### Southern road 1 no. Workfront

| Plant / Equipment         | Quantity |
|---------------------------|----------|
| Mobile Crane/Crane Lorry  | 1        |
| Cherry Picker/Aerial Platform | 1    |

### Manpower

| Manpower        | Quantity |
|-----------------|----------|
| Crane operator  | 1        |
| Rigger          | 4        |
| Signalman       | 1        |
| Banksman        | 1        |

### Lifting Arrangement

No part of the mobile crane/crane lorry will work beyond the water-filled barrier and the maximum lifting load shall be <80% of SWL. Load of LALG must be counted as part of the lifting load. For any lifting operation by crane lorry, the mobile crane/crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended and the fatal zone will be fenced off by red barrier. Only deployed and competent person (CP) is allowed to enter the lifting area.

## 7. Traffic and Security Management

Logistic Plan A shown above directs a proposed traffic route regarding transportation of height gauge components from outside to designated temporary storage area for unloading work. Crane lorry is guided by a traffic controller to park at a designated location near the temporary storage area. Workers then help set-up crane lorry and fence-off works area for unloading work on bed. It should be aware that stacks of height gauge components should not exceed 1m high level measured from ground level.

CP(T) is assigned to carry out registration in the main gate of SHW depot and take crane lorry to designated location for unloading and set-up fatal zone. Meanwhile, it is forbidden to pass through west leveling crossing without leading by CP(T). A CP(T) is enforced and required to lead and ahead of the vehicle with goods on bed when going to southern road by west leveling crossing during unloading goods and departure of SHW depot.

## 8. Introduction of Height-Gauge (4.5m Height Clearance)

### Isometric View of Height-gauge for typical design

| Item No. | Clear Height HC (m) | Clear Width WC (m) | Type No. | Location to use | Qty (nos.) |
|----------|----------------------|--------------------|----------|-----------------|------------|
| 1        | 4.5                  | 8                  | T1       | TT06            | 1          |

### Table of Height-gauge Steel Member Schedule

| Legend | Type of Steel member | Section Property/ Member size | Grade  | Qty (pcs) | Weight (T) |
|--------|----------------------|-------------------------------|--------|-----------|------------|
| C1     | Column               | 203x203x60kg/m U.C. (4m Long) | S355J0 | 1         | 0.24       |
| C2     | Column               | 203x203x60kg/m U.C. (4m Long) | S355J0 | 1         | 0.24       |
| B1     | Main Beam            | 203x203x60kg/m U.C. (9.2m Long) | S355J0 | 1       | 0.552      |
| BP1    | Base plate           | 550mm(L)x550mm(W)x20mm(T)     | S275J0 | 1         | 0.04       |

### Concrete Block Schedule

| Legend | Material Description | Dimension H(m)*W(m)*L(m) | Grade    | Qty (nos.) | Weight (T) |
|--------|----------------------|--------------------------|----------|------------|------------|
| CB1    | Concrete block       | 1*1*2.4                  | C30D/20  | 1          | 5.76       |
| CB2    | Concrete block       | 1*1*2.4                  | C30D/20  | 1          | 5.76       |
| T12-150| Reinforcement        | Refer to detailed design drawing | 250 | N/A        | N.I.L.     |
| T1     | Reinforcement        | Refer to detailed design drawing | 250 | N/A        | N.I.L.     |
| T2     | Reinforcement        | Refer to detailed design drawing | 250 | N/A        | N.I.L.     |
| B1     | Reinforcement        | Refer to detailed design drawing | 250 | N/A        | N.I.L.     |
| B2     | Reinforcement        | Refer to detailed design drawing | 250 | N/A        | N.I.L.     |

## 9. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings

### Site Survey work

Site survey team shall provide setting out information in an expression of paint mark on ground. There are different kinds of information site construction team should be acknowledged before proceeding work.

1. Designated location (coordinate information) of concrete block set-up;
2. The distance of relationship between nearby equipment or facility;
3. Orientation of concrete block;
4. Level difference of uneven ground;

### Material Transportation

5. The materials will be delivered to site according to the logistic plan;
6. Delivery Sequence in ascending order: Concrete block > Steel components > Signboard
7. For any uncharted vehicle or person without RSI certification, registration in the main gate is required and responsible by CP(T);
8. After registration, CP(T) will lead the vehicle to the designated location for material unloading;
9. Unloading area is fenced off by red barrier as a fatal zone.
10. Set-up crane lorry and make sure out-rigger is fully extended as well as bearing plate is used;
11. Riggers shall use the safe access provided to reach flatbed for rigging of material;
12. The riggers shall attach a tag line (7m~10m long) before getting down on ground level;
13. The crane will lift/unload the materials to the designated location as provided by the survey team before. The crane setup shall be strictly followed the lifting plan to prevent exceeding the crane capacity.
14. A designated signalman is required to keep good communication with riggers and operators and monitor the lifting process. Everything should be under control during the lifting process;
15. Repeat the above step until a full set of height-gauge assembly parts are being unloaded on the ground;

### Works Arrangement

#### Stage 1

1. Crane lorry is parked to designated lifting zone (temp. storage area at W11D) as specified in the lifting plan;
2. Fence off the fatal zone with red barriers and set-up crane lorry properly (outriggers shall be under full extension);
3. Rigger attach LALG to rigging point of concrete block with a 6m-long tagline;
4. Lift up concrete block to flatbed and transport to designated location at south road;
5. Crane lorry is parked to designated lifting zone (south road) as specified in the lifting plan;
6. Fence off the fatal zone with red barriers and set-up crane lorry properly (outriggers shall be under full extension) a second time;
7. Rigger gets on lorry crane by suitable access ladder;
8. Rigger attach LALG to rigging point of concrete block with a 6m-long tagline;
9. Rigger gets away from flatbed when it is coming to lift up;
10. After the concrete block is turned to an upright position, it will be lifted to the permanent installation position;
11. Lower down the concrete block until it is about 1.5m above the installation position and steady, rigger shall then go inside the fatal zone to assist the coming laying process;
12. Keep lowering down the concrete block steadily upon pre-set position provided by the survey team;
13. After the lifting operation is finished and in the stable stage, the worker will check whether the object stays in the right position under tolerance before riggers detach LALG;
14. Repeat step 6 to step 12 for another concrete block;

#### Stage 2

1. Crane lorry is parked to designated lifting zone (temp. storage area at W11D) as specified in the lifting plan;
2. Fence off the fatal zone with red barriers and set-up crane lorry properly (outriggers shall be under full extension);
3. Rigger attach LALG to the body of the steel post (choker hitch) with a 6m-long tagline;
4. Lift up the steel post to flatbed and transport to designated location at south road;
5. Crane lorry is parked to designated lifting zone (south road) as specified in the lifting plan;
6. Fence off the fatal zone with red barriers and set-up crane lorry properly (outriggers shall be under full extension) a second time;
7. Traffic controller is assigned to direct workers with full-body safety harness on aerial working platform inside the fatal zone to assist the coming installation process;
8. Rigger gets on lorry crane by suitable access ladder;
9. Rigger attach LALG to rigging point of steel post;
10. Rigger gets away from flatbed when it is coming to lift up;
11. Lift up the steel post directly on flatbed;
12. Tagline shall be used to control the movement of the lifting object;
13. Lower down the steel post until it is about 1.5m above the installation position and steady, rigger shall then go inside the fatal zone to assist the coming installation process;
14. Keep lowering down the steel post until the base plate passes through the bolt and sits on the preset units;
15. After the lifting operation is finished and in the stable stage, the worker will check the verticality and alignment of the steel post, and adjust the level of nut and preset units for fine-tuning if necessary;
16. Fix the steel post in position by following the bolt sequence, and tighten all the nuts to designated torque value (M20=165Nm);
17. Lifting sling will then be detached by workers on the aerial working platform;
18. Repeat step 8 to step 16 until all the height gauge steel posts are installed;

#### Stage 3

1. Crane lorry is parked to designated lifting zone (temp. storage area at W11D) as specified in the lifting plan;
2. Fence off the fatal zone with red barriers and set-up crane lorry properly (outriggers shall be under full extension);
3. Rigger attach LALG to the body of the steel beam and signboard (choker hitch) with a 6m-long tagline;
4. Lift up the steel beam and signboard to flatbed and transport to designated location at south road;
5. Crane lorry is parked to designated lifting zone (south road) as specified in the lifting plan;
6. Fence off the fatal zone with red barriers and set-up crane lorry properly (outriggers shall be under full extension) a second time;
7. Traffic controller is assigned to direct workers with full-body safety harness on aerial working platform inside the fatal zone to assist the coming installation process;
8. Rigger gets on lorry crane by suitable access ladder;
9. Rigger attach LALG to rigging point of steel beam;
10. Rigger gets away from flatbed when it is coming to lift up;
11. Lift up the steel beam directly on flatbed;
12. Tagline shall be used to control the movement of the lifting object;
13. Lower down the steel beam slowly, the connection plate of the main beam will then be sat on the connection plate of the steel post;
14. Insert and tighten the bolts and nuts to secure the steel beam in position;
15. Fix the steel beam by following the bolt sequence, and tighten all the nuts to designated torque value (M20=100Nm);
16. Lifting sling will then be detached by workers on the aerial working platform;
17. Repeat step 8 to step 16 until all the height gauge steel beams and signboards are installed;

#### Stage 4

1. Fence off the work area in order to carry out bolt tightening work at height or at ground;
2. Traffic controller is assigned to direct workers with full-body safety harness on aerial working platform inside the work area to assist the coming bolt tightening work;
3. Workers use hand tools or cordless power tools (Impact wrench) to securely fasten nuts on base plate and upper connection plate;
4. Carry out torque test in compliance with COP for The Structural Use of Steel clause 14.4.2.8

### Table 14.5 - Recommended tightening torques and approximate bolt tensions for ISO grade 8.8 bolts (Assumes bolts oiled)

| Nominal bolt diameter | Tightening torque (Nm) | Approximate bolt load (KN) |
|-----------------------|------------------------|----------------------------|
| M16                   | 55                     | 17                         |
| M20                   | 100                    | 25                         |
| M22                   | 110                    | 25                         |
| M24                   | 120                    | 25                         |
| M27                   | 135                    | 25                         |
| M30                   | 150                    | 25                         |
| M33                   | 165                    | 25                         |
| M36                   | 180                    | 25                         |

## 10. Safety (Risk Assessments)

Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. A PIC (person-in-charge) together with the RSO, will supervise overall erection works which is complied with construction sequence and guarantee works are taken part in a safe and amicable working environment.

## 11. Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)

- Plant with QPME label will be employed if available;
- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site;
- All chemicals will be placed on drip tray;
- Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal;
- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP).

## 12. Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)

Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan. To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards/acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents. Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with “Hold Points” at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further. Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK’s project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points. Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and/or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.

## 13. Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)

- Appendix A – Risk Assessment
- Appendix B – Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)
- Appendix C – Design Drawing of Height Gauge
- Appendix D – Emergency Contact List
- Appendix E – Plant Catalogue