# 1.13.60 (EDOC) Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile

## 1. Introduction

Refer to HAZOP Meeting, dated on 29 May 2024, enclosed herewith the EDOC Application for Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile, and relative Hazard Log and presentation materials for your review.

## 2. Scope of Works

### 2.1 Title

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile

### 2.2 Reason

The structure and foundation works for the bifurcation and OYB Northern Station Structure are located in between the existing test track and mainline. In order to provide the man and vehicle access to the island site in Area W2, entrance gates shall be formed at existing railway protection fence of test track, and temporary level crossing will be proposed to install at the existing Test Track.

### 2.3 Description

#### A. General

1701 Contractor will carry out the works for the temporary entrance and level crossing installation as per correlated latest version of the approved Method Statement for Site Entrance, Level Crossing and Cross Road Duct at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile under ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000473. Precaution measures for various potential risks/ situation have been reviewed and summarized in the hazard log referring to Appendix B.

#### B. Working Time

Test Track: 3 night time (Friday-Saturday, Saturday-Sunday and one on weekday) per week or NPH (11:00 to 15:00) subject to Depot Schedule.

#### C. Preparation Work

##### C.1 Setting Out

The location of entrance gates and level crossing will be set out at the co-ordinates shown on the Construction Drawings or as agreed with MTR’s representatives on site. Once the location has been set out a joint inspection will be held with MTR’s representatives on site, Depot Yard Master (DYM) and other stakeholders.

##### C.2 Existing water supply and utility diversion

Existing water supply and utility along the existing railway protection fence of Test Track shall be diverted or lowered down below ground level at the locations of proposed entrance.

##### C.3 Cable Detection

Utility detection and Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) survey will be carried out after the area is fenced off and after the obstacle above ground are cleared. The details of carrying out utility detection shall follow the approved Method Statement for General Underground Utility Survey for Construction Area (ACC Reference Number: 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000095). Based on the master drawings of all utilities, it shows that only one cable is found in this area.

##### C.4 Trial Pit

Trial Pits will be carried out in accordance with Permit-to-Dig System before start of the works. For details, please refer to separate submissions ACC no. 170-W-000-CSC-760-000115.

##### C.5 Utility Diversion/ Abandoned Works

Any utilities required diversion or to be abandoned will be carried out with relevant approved EDOC prior to start the instrumentation installation works.

##### C.6 Pre-construction survey

Pre-construction survey, Survey and UU detection will be carried out and completed before the commencement of the works, survey of existing MTR equipment at ground level. Reports to be submitted to MTR, showing the protections applying to the MTR equipment.

##### C.7 Instrumentation and Monitoring

Setting up instrumentation monitoring plan and taking initial readings as per the BD approved drawings. The method statement for setting up instrumentation monitoring is described in ‘Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Operations Area (OA)’ (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000122), EDOC for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works (ACC Reference Number 1701-W-000-CSC-143-000284) and (EDOC Reference Number ZCV20240) and ‘Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Construction Area (CA)’ (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000138). For those standpipe and piezometer, it will be installed at the location which are 10 meters far away from the existing live tracks.

AAA Levels will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures). A monitoring sequence can be found and will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures).

#### D. Installation Procedure

In general, three locations of C with gates are proposed at the South Road along the existing Test Track. They are named TT06, TT07 and TT0A and their width are 6.3m, 6.3m & 7m respectively.

##### i. Before the commencement of the entrance gate and temporary level crossing installation, existing water supply pipe/ utility along the existing railway protection fence will be diverted and lowered down below ground level.

##### ii. Install temporary security/protective fence before cut openings at existing RP fence.

##### iii. Install high roller gate and fix to the height gauge with warning notices, the height of the rolling gate is the same as the existing fence. The roller gate fixed with flush bolt and bolt to ground and locked when closing.

##### iv. After entrance gate formed, temporary level crossing will be installed. The following are the installation sequence of installation.

##### v. And then cast concrete on the both side of level crossing to form a ramp over the cable troughs with 6 mm protection steel cover with insulation in between connecting existing South road and haul road within the site.

#### E. Maintenance Regime

##### i. All construction material shall be stored in designated area agreed with MTR. Stacking of material over 2m shall be avoided.

##### ii. Removal of unnecessary construction materials / rubbish daily.

##### iii. Coordinate with T&ES to conduct structure gauge check (after the proposed location setting out).

##### iv. WPIC to ensure installation follow the approved drawings (including the fixing details) and do not infringe structural gauge. Independent check shall be conducted by the WPIC/IMC.

##### v. Post-construction inspection by WPIC/IMC and WPIC/MTR CM Team to examine workmanship and ensure all new parts are securely fixed / properly installed.

##### vi. Proper installation method shall be adopted for the level crossing ensure it infringe into test track structure gauge.

##### vii. Regular check and maintenance for the installation shall be carried out as per BD drawings.

##### viii. Use tool record sheet to record all the tools used for construction during each Possession Hour period PA works.

##### ix. CP(T) to check the tool record sheet (with photo record) and ensure that all tools used in construction at track area are cleared away from the track area and do not leave at the track.

##### x. Thorough check through track areas to ensure clearance by CP(T). Line clear form to be submitted to YM.

### 2.4 Application

Entrance gate and level crossing installation at the test track shall be carried during NTH or NPH agreed with DYM.

### 2.5 Category

N/A

### 2.6 In-house/Contract

CONTRACT 1701

### 2.7 Estimated Cost

Under SHD Property Development Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

### 2.8 Nature

Trial project carried out by HKTS Business Unit and costing $4.5M or above

### 3. Name and Title of Responsible Parties

#### Design Manager / Chief Construction Manager

CHONG Daniel Hing Pong, Chief Design Manager – OYB

#### Project Controller / Project Manager

KOO Raymond Kai On, Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil

#### Implementer / Senior Construction Manager

KOO Raymond Kai On, Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil

#### Maintainer / Asset Owner

KOO Raymond Kai On, Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil

### 4. Implication on Safety

- Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s): No
- Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change Assessment Form is completed: No
- Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate: No
- Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System Related Change Assessment Form is completed: No
- Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards: Yes
- Affecting Signal Sighting: No
- Affecting maintenance or operational requirements: No
- Submission of a paper to SAFTEC: No

### 5. Implication on Fire Safety

1. Smoking is not permitted on site.
2. Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited.
3. Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping.
4. Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each work front with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment.
5. Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures.
6. Grass cutting shall be arranged before any hot works.
7. Fire Management Plan will be followed as reference to the formal submission in ACC (Reference Number: 1701-W-000-CSC-705-000196).

### 6. Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work

This is not a safety critical / safety related works, but the following measures will be implemented to ensure safety.

1. Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation’s railway safety rules and procedures.
2. CP(T) or CP(NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for works carried out inside operating railway premises.
3. The 1701 Project Team CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.

### 7. Implication on Operating Procedures

No implication on operating procedures.

### 8. Statutory Submissions

Are there any statutory submissions: No

### 9. Design Capacity / Design Limit

All permanent design works are designed to MTR NWDSM, M&W specification and GS, the related code of practice and HK regulations.

The temporary works for shoring support or working platform would be certified by nominated Temporary Works Co-ordinator (TWC), checked by TCPs and approved by MTR CWBU.

### 10. Electromagnetic Compatibility

No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.

### 11. Implementation, Inspection, Testing or Commissioning Instruction

Documentation approval before Commencement of Works

Prior to the commencement of works, the Contractor shall provide submission including detailed method statements with Inspection & Testing Plan (ITP) to MTR for approval.

Before submission of EDOC, the method statement and ITP has been approved.

The proposed work shall be inspected and checked by MTR CSHK team under related ITP procedure, and will be registered by digital RISC forms under iSuper system for quality control.

All construction works shall be carried out according to the approved method statements and agreed safety plans and measures.

#### 11.1 State the pre-requisite tests / safety precautions before allowing an item/system to be put in operation/testing on the Operating Railway

The work described in this EDOC is to construct the temporary cross track ducts only without altering existing track or other safety critical items.

#### 11.2 Safety independent check

Safety independent check is required for the modifications to safety critical systems / equipment / items as defined in the divisional procedure P/OD/SMS/004.

#### 11.3 On-Site Design Verification

No on-site design verification is required, as no major modification on existing equipment and/or safety critical systems is envisaged for these proposed monitoring points. Aside from on-site verification and confirmation of the monitoring locations (as-built records to be submitted), it is not expected that other design specific requirements checking/verification will be required.

### 12. Design Standards / Manuals / Procedures / References

- Works to be designed and constructed to comply with the latest requirement of:
  - Contract 1701 Scope of Work
  - MTR New Work Design Standard Manual (NWDSM)
  - MTR Operation Division Safety Requirement and Information for Contractors
  - Operation Division Railway Safety Rule
  - Approved method statement

### 13. Environmental Management

The Contract shall follow all requirements and conditions set on Environmental Permit issued by EPD. All construction waste, dust and noise will be controlled during construction.

### 14. Configuration Management

N/A

### 15. Application to New Extension Projects

N/A

### 16. Other Concerns / Instructions

Prior to site construction, the Contractor shall conduct site survey, route verification and measurement.

### 17. Impact of the works

#### 17.1 Impact on Operations Manuals / Procedures

N/A

#### 17.2 Impact on Maintenance Manuals / Procedures / Work Instructions/ Schedules

N/A

#### 17.3 Impact on Spare parts catalogues and stock levels

N/A

#### 17.4 Impact on Interfaced Systems

N/A

#### 17.5 Impact on Drawings, and schematic and wiring diagram if applicable

N/A

#### 17.6 Impact on Training for staff

N/A

#### 17.7 Impact on Registration of new assets

N/A

#### 17.8 Any other related matters

N/A

### 18. Incoming Goods Inspection (IGI) Requirements

The contractor will be responsible for the inspection of all material prior to the installation on site.

### 19. FMECA

The captioned works do not involve the above items.

### 20. Concept of Design (ConDes)

N/A

### 21. Safety Impact of Trackside Equipment Installation – SG Infringement

#### 21.1 Is the gauging and clearance assessment required according to P/OD/AMS/041?

No

#### 21.2 Is the clearance requirement compiled with the requirement in S/NT-Saf/DS/01(01)?

Yes

#### 21.3 State whether the trackside installation of fixed equipment with potential hazard of Structure Gauge (SG) infringement during operations and maintenance.

No

### 22. New / Modified Trackside Installation in EAL

Is earth/equipotential bond required to add or modify on the traction return rail?

No

### 23. Approval List for Works Requiring EDOC Approval

#### Responsibilities

- **Prepared by (Designer or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate):** YIU Alex Chun Ting, Sr Construction Engineer – Civil
- **Checked by (Design Manager or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate):** Adrian Tan, Sr Construction Manager – Civil
- **Checked by2 (GM-PP&D(O) or delegate):** CHAN Taky Tsun Kei, Chief Projs Plan & Dev Mgr (Ops)
- **Approved by 3 (On behalf of CCB):** N/A
- **Approved and authorised by 6 (Design Manager from HKTS only):** N/A
- **Approved by 4 1 (Design Manager or CCM from CWBU / HKPBU):** CHONG Daniel Hing Pong, Chief Design Manager – OYB; KOO Raymond Kai On, Chief Construction Manager – OYB
- **Independent Checked by 5 (COAM / SOSoAM or delegate):** N/A
- **Endorsed by 8 (Lead T&ES Representatives):** NG Patrick Chi Chung, Lead Civil & Stn Fac Engg Mgr; LUI William Ching Man, Acting Lead Design Mgr-PWEngg
- **Authorised by 7 (CSE(Ops) or COES&I):** CHAN HK Hing Keung, Chief of Ops Engg Serv & Inno; TANG Simon Siu Cheung, DGM-Technical & Asset Engg
- **Endorsed by 9 (Maintainer):** KOO Raymond Kai On, Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil
- **Endorsed by 10 (Asset Owner):** KOO Raymond Kai On, Chief Construction Manager – OYB Civil
- **Endorsed by 11 (Head of Line Group Management / HTO or delegate):** LEE Andy Po Wing, Chief Ops Mgr – AEL, TCL & DRL
- **Endorsed by (Project Controller):** KOO Raymond Kai On, Chief Construction Manager – OYB
- **Endorsed by:** FAN Dave Pui Kiu, Sr. Railway Protection Engineer
- **Endorsed by (SHD Landlord):** TSUI Barry Ka Fai, Senior Depot Manager - SHD

### 24. Engineering Drawings affected by this Engineering Work

The following circuit diagrams shall be updated:

N/A

### 25. Summary of Comment Sheet

N/A

### 26. Appendices

- Appendix A - Programme
- Appendix B - Hazard Log
- Appendix C - Drawing
- Appendix D - Method Statement (extract section 8)
- Appendix E - Presentation Materials