<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000068</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000190</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Method Statement for Initial Hydrographic Survey</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andrew Lo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C F Chan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/HuiWai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa/WH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GraduateEngineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/5/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">715/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/5/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/5/2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WL Teus</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma/IrisHo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/ MarkMcGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director /A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/5/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/5/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">07/05/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/5124</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in solt copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 20

chopped with a red control stamp

<!-- 米  -->

CONTENT

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

### 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

### 5. Programme and Working Hours

### 6. Plant, Equipment & Material

7.Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

## 8.Safety

## 9. Environmental

## 10.Quality Control

11.Appendices

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 20

chopped with a red control stamp

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This method statement outlines the general method for hydrographic survey. The contentmainly describes the procedure of the abovementioned survey works, as well asinstrumentation and equipment required for carrying out the survey works. Risk and safetyprecautions are also considered.The objective(s) of this survey is/are:To verify and map the level of seabed in detail along the site.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR CorporationLimited - 2022)Scope for Contract 1701.Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK has invited the following sub-contractors / specialist sub-contractor to provide thehydrographic survey service:1. Concordance Engineering & Surveying Service Company Limited</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons,as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for theactivities:Name PositionYeung Wai Lun Assistant Project DirectorCF Chan Construction ManagerAnthony He Assistant Construction ManagerNick Wang Site AgentTim Cai EngineerAndrew Mak EngineerCharles Xu Graduate EngineerAndrew Lo Graduate EngineerLeung Kwok Fung Safety ManagerErnest Young Assistant Safety OfficerShek Hau Kim Survey ManagerLau Yu Tat Senior SurveyorCheung Siu Kei SuperintendentNg Ho Lun Senior Foreman / WPICSingh Nirdeep Foreman / WPIC(a) Assistant Project Director/Construction Manager/Assistant Construction ManagerResponsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality ofworks in a safe manner.(b) Site Agent/Senior Engineer/EngineerResponsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers viaguidance from safety oficers.(c)Safety Manager/Safety OfficerResponsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To preparerisk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in theworkplace and work site.(d) Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positionsof site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist.(e) WorkersWorkers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification.(f) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the RailwayOperation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on sitefor inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The tentative work commencement is scheduled in May 2024. The general workinghours will be from 08:00- 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. CSHK would checkinternally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement.As the hydrographic survey are mainly to be carried out outside depot, therefore noCP(T)/CP(NT) is needed during the approved working period.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls & GPS Check</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The horizontal position refers to the Hong Kong 1980 Grid System. The transformationparameters from geodetic section and Survey and Mapping Office are applied to transformthe WGS84 datum into HK1980 datum. The GPS receives differential signal broadcastedfrom differential transmission station at Kau Yi Chau. Known and agreed control stationcan also be used for checking GPS.Government tide information would be used for tide reading which is relative to Chart Datum.Hong Kong Principal Datum (HKPD) which is the height datum generally used in HongKong and referred through the benchmarks of Lands Department.Chart Datum (CD) which is 0.15m below HKPD.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that theyare in good working condition and comply with the current regulations.The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow: -6.1 Survey VesselA survey vessel will be equipped with a single-beam echo sounder and computer with</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">logging software. The transducer will be mounted on a side of the vessel.Anelectric-power-generator/uninterruptible power source (UPS battery) is required in orderto provide the power to the above hardware6.2 Differential Global Positioning System (DGPS)Device Name: Trimble DGPS Receiver SPS356Differential Global Positioning System (DGPS) is recommended for positioning of the sailingvessel. The differential signal broadcasts at Kau Yi Chau will be integrated with the GPSdata in the device to provide a real-time positioning coordinates, and the coordinates will betransformed into the Hong Kong 1980 Coordinates System. With reference to the brochureof the DGPS, the differential position accuracy is about 1m.6.3 Echo-sounderDevice Name: Echotrac MK IIIBathymetric data will be collected by the echo sounder with a narrow beam transducer. Theperformance had been maintained at 0.01m +/-0.1% of depth @200kHz total depth of whichdepends on the accuracy of sound velocity input. The output of echo sounder had been thedepth of seabed. Depth had been logged to the computer devices.6.4. SoftwareHYPACK will be used for integrating survey equipments, capturing survey data and datareduction.6.5 ComputerA desktop/laptop computer with recommended specification of the software will be used torun the software during the survey.6.6 Government Tide Database</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Government closest tide station's data would be used for tide reading. The closest tidestation is at Chek Lap Kok.+ Point 大榄涌Tai LamChung大小磨刀海岸公園The BrothersChek Lap Kok(E) MarinePark1.74m赤鱲角 小蟑灣 Siu HoChek LapKok WanSiteChek Lap Kok(W) 愉景灣1.73m Discovery Bay東涌北 Tung 和剑 Chung North We SheungTung東涌 黃竹望山沙螺灣Sha Lo Tung Chung Wong ChaWan 東涌西Tung 大水坑Tai ShuiChung West ShanLontg ShanHang:東涌谷Tung Siu T Fung NgauKu牛牯腾Chung Valley Pok OpenStreetMap contributorsFig. 1 Closest Tide Station at Chek Lap Kok6.7 Bar Check Plate and ChainThe Bar Check plate is around 600mm in diameter and 3-5 mm thick with 5x100mm diameterhole evenly distributed on the plate. The bar check should be around 5kg in weight. Theinterval starts from the top of the plate. Every one meter there would be a marker on thechain.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation of Survey</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1 Survey AreaThe hydrographic survey boundary is provided from client's information. Below is theapproximated survey boundary.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="2">50m150m50mSeawall海堤Pipeline6.9t小蠔灣車廠Siu Ho Wan DepotFig.2 Survey Layout7.2 Proposed schedule of record surveyThe field survey is proposed to be last for 1 working day. The subject site should be clearwithout blocking during the field survey. The working Permit will be also applied from MarineDepartment before survey if it is needed. CSHK will liaise and seek approval from HKTS/depot/C7.CSHK will check the exact date of survey works with HKTS and depot to ensurethat no operations need of the barging point on that date.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Survey Methods</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8.1 Calibration of Equipment8.1.1 InstrumentsAll instruments shall be calibrated by equipment certificating company once a year.Certificate will then be issued after calibration to ensure all instrument are in good condition,Instrument without calibration certificate or with expired certificate are not allowed to usewithin the site area and will be labelled. Calibration certificate is attached.8.1.2 DGPSDGPS will be calibrated by setting it on known control station prior and after the soundingoperation. The DGPS receiver will be mounted well. Satellite signal will be logged andcomputed for positioning comparison. If the position logged by the DGPS is within tolerance(+/-1m) of the coordinates of control station, the calibration is acceptable.8.1.3 Bar Check MethodBar chec test will be followed to determine the correctness for the echo soundingequipment. A steel plate will be lowered underneath the transducer. The chain linked to thesteel plate shall be marked with 1m interval. At the beginning, the plate will be lowered to2m depth, to calibrate the draft of the transducer. The steel plate then will be lowered to thedeepest section to be surveyed. Before the bar check, the sound velocity will be adjusted toeliminate the difference between reading and the depth of steel plate. After that, the steel</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.</td>
</tr></table>

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 7 of 20

chopped with a red control stamp

plate will be raised meter by meter and the reading recorded on echo roll paper will also be checked for any discrepancy. Re-adjustment of sound velocity and calibration is necessary if the reading is different from the pre-determined depth.

### 8.1.4 HDOP of Satellites

The value of HDOP, horizontal dilution of precision, is indicating the positional precision. The meaning of HDOP value is as shown below:


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HDOPValue</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rating</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ideal</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Highest possible confidence level to be used for applicationsdemanding the highest possible precision at all times.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Excellent</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At this confidence level, positional measurements are consideredaccurate enough to meet all but the most sensitive applications.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-5</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Good</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Represents a level that marks the minimum appropriate formakingbusiness decisions. Positional measurements could beused to make reliable in-route navigation suggestions to the user.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-10</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positional measurements could be used for calculations, but the fixquality could still be improved. A more open view of the sky isrecommended.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-20</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fair</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Represents a low confidence level. Positional measurementsshould be discarded or used only to indicate a very rough estimateof the current location</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;20</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Poor</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At this level, measurements are inaccurate by as much as 300meters with a 6-meter accurate device (50 DOP x 6 meters) andshould be discarded.</td>
</tr></table>

The value of HDOP of satellites received during the survey will be monitored and recorded.

## 8.2 Preparation of Plan lines

Pre-assigned survey lines will be allocated to cover the entire sounding portion. The principle of designing the survey lines would either be 5m section intervals normal to the base line or 5m fixed intervals. In addition, reasonable check lines shall be performed normal to the survey line. The interval of check line usually adopted as 40m or minimal of 2-3 check lines to be adopted.

## 8.3 Field Survey

Survey vessel speed will be kept in a constant speed, generally 3-5 knots will be applied which causing no intolerable distortion to the sounding records. The software will be set to mark on the data file and sounding paper in every 5m. The interval will be set in distance instead of time because the sampling rate by time had been affected by speed of the boat.The marks would be evenly distributed along the cross section if marks were taken by distance intervals. The sounding will be recorded in the computer by 0.1s intervals; it means 0.15m intervals at speed of 3 knot. A minimum of 2-3 check lines should be run for ensure the quality of the sounding data.

## 8.4 Tide Reading

The closest government tide gauge Chek Lap Kok will be constantly booked during the period of the survey with readings being taken in 10 minutes interval throughout that period.

## 8.5 Data reduction

### 8.5.1 Data reduction and Editing


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 8 of 20chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="8" rowspan="1"> be used for reducing the raw data. The corrections, such as tide, willbe applied to the raw data and reduced to Hong Kong Principal Datum (H.K.P.D.). Afterapplying the corrections, the noise, such as bubbles, fishes, unpredictable errors, will beremoved. Then, the data will be reduced into point-form and the outliers will be removed bycomparing the data in different survey-lines.8.5.2 SortingAfter the data editing, the shallowest depth points will be selected, for the scale of 1:500using A2 paper, in their true position soundings' cell size would be$D X = 2$$D Y = 1$Theprocessing data sign should be positive within Hypack program.gKog 80 Gd EliidItenats</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="8">SFileD</td>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1">nri po.nrionXort Helpate Files RadiusEdited Data FilesM EDT0921 LOG DXSorted Date Files DY</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="6" rowspan="2"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Depth InputDepth 1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Depth ModeDepthElevation Convert</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Extemnal Files</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="5" rowspan="2">Files</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Perform 1st Pass Only</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass 1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass 2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sorted Filename</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Points Read</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEEING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 9 of 20

chopped with a red control stamp

<!-- *  -->

<!-- Sort Type Edted Data Fles Sorted Data Fles Radus 25.00 External Fies DX 2.00 DY 100 DZ 25.00 3 Cimensional Sort Sort Status Pass 1 Pass 2 Mode Points Read Sort with no Prionity (io CHR) Points Saved Sort with Priority Points Rejected Sort with OHN Prionty Mnimum Sort with Parttions Maximum Percent Depth Irout Output Depth 1 Depth2 6Fle Depth Mode Depth One Output Fle per Input Fle Elevation Golden Soundings Comvrt to  Dvo Taget Depth/Elevation 0.00 Negate Output Z Value Save rejected Data Rejected Data Flename Sort Status 8.5.3 Deliverables List of common deliverables of sounding surveys for charting and engineering purposes- (a) Sounding data (i.e. Northing, Easting and Depth) in ASCII format; (b) Raw sounding data of time, position and depth in format readable by the common hydrographic survey packages; (c) Hard copy and softcopy of sounding plan, cross-section plan and track plot of actual runlines; and  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">TypeEdted Data Fles Radus 25.00Sorted Data Fles DX 2.00External FiesDY 100DZ 25.003 Cimensional SortM</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sort Status</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass 1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass 2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="6">odeSort with no Prionity (io CHR)Sort with PrioritySort with OHN PriontySort with Parttions</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Points Read</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Points Saved</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Points Rejected</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mnimum</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Maximum</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="2"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PercentDh I</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">eptroutDepth 1 Depth2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Output6Fle</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Depth ModeDepthElevationComvrt to Dvo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One Output Fle per Input FleGolden SoundingsTaget Depth/Elevation0.00</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">plotted on the sounding plan would be without negative sign. Digital copy of the soundingplan should be in format of CADD file (DGN) and PDF.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety(Risk Assessments)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.1 General SafetyAll workers shall be equipped with life jackets and safety helmets during operation. Allworkers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager/ Safety Officer/Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. All workers on site shall obtainan approved "Mandatory Basic Safety Training Certificate".Toolbox talk training with reference to the recommended safety and environmentalcontrol measures after Construction Risk Assessment will be provided to the sitepersonnel prior to commencing works.A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Foreman /Engineer/ Construction Manager, MTR's representatives and Safety Department tobrief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the requirements.Safety helmets fitted with chin straps, high visibility jackets / sashes, will be provided toall staff working for hydrographic survey.Any emergency situation shall be reported to Subcontractor and Contractor (i.e.Construction Manager/ Engineer / Foreman and Safety Department, etc.) for promptresponse. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix.9.2 Safety for Working in Sea·All workers shall be equipped with qualified life jackets during the works.·Workers working on a vessel shall have the qualification of the “Shipboard CargoHandling Basic Training Course"/ "Blue Card".9.3 Risk AssessmentThe risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown inAppendix.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the EnvironmentalPermit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix E for Inspection and Test Plan.To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and therequired works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement,inspection & test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out theworks. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the ConstructionTeam Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works areperformed following the requirements of these documents.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection &Test Plan with "Hold Points” at critical elements for confirmation of compliance beforeproceeding further.Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS followinginspection of the works by the CSHK's project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for theworks (Appendix E) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points.Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and / or test records are to beprepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met.Records ofInspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handoveras appropriate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A-Specification of the Trimble DGPS Receiver SPS356Appendix B - Specification of Echotrac MK IIIAppendix C- Calibration CertificateAppendix D -Emergency Contact ListAppendix E - Risk AssessmentAppendix F - Inspection and Test plan (ITP)</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 12 of 20

chopped with a red control stamp

