<!-- ЖMTR  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000061</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000266</td>
</tr></table>

METHOD STATEMENT TITLE Rev.A

Erection of Temporary Site Office at W1


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">←</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">人</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Johnson Chung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KF Leung/WK Hui</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa/WH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Manager/Safety Officer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Manager/Quality Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">031 0512024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0310512024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0310512024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0310512024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qoF</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">w Yeurs</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">u.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Janes MAIA/Iris Ho</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wai Lun Yeung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/Mark McGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Env.Manager/Env. Officer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0310512024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0310512024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">04/05/2024.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/5/24</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 11chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

**CONTENT** 

## 1 .Introduction

## 2.Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

## 3.Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

## 4 .Programme and Working Hours

## 5 .Resources, Plant, Equipment & Material

## 6 .Traffic and Security Management

7 .Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

## 8 .Safety

### 9 .Environmental

## 10 .Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy.

<!--    -->

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 11

chopped with a red control stam p


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 .</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">As W1 is separated from the depot area, we will erect separate container site office at W1, in order to provide workstations for front line staffs such as engineers, foreman, land surveyors and workers. Also, the temporary container site office will provide the storage area, toilet and shower area, canteen area for the staffs and workers. Not store any oil fuel at the container. This method statement descripts the method and sequence of erection of container site office.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"> •Hong Kong Transport Services Unit Railway Safety Rules  •MTRCL Working Paper No.6-Railway Protection- Revision B-December 2022  •MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-(S2) Scope-Vol 4 (Book 4 of 9) Appendix AM-Clients Rules and Procedures for Working Within or Adjacent to the Railway  •MTRCL Contract 17-1 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works – Instructions TO Tenders, and  •MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works – Contract Data</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 .</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works will be carried out by our direct labour and supervise by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. Besides, WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 .</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="13"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compan y</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nam e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="10">CSH K</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent L i</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chun g</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chun Wa N g</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Section Agent</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Johnson Chun g</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">David La m</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Man Hi n</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graduat eEngineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kingsley Zha o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benny Yeun g</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky T o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luk Si Su n</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mechanic & authorized electrician</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 .</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works will be commenced on Mar 2024, target complete on April 2024. The works will be carried on day time from 08:00 am to 07:00 pm, Monday to Saturday. However, it may be required to carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process but it will subject to the CNP application approval.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 .</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Plant and Equipment ConditionAll plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations .All statutory forms/certificates of Lifting Appliances (LA) and Lifting Gear (LG) must be valid.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!--    -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="13"></td>
<td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Before operation of the plant, CSHK will arrange a plant inspection with MTR CWBU inspector, i fthey aregood working condition, CSHK will submit the plant permit and permit to lift to the plant.The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow: - </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="6"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipmen t</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Crane Lorry / Lorr y</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lorr y</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3T Backho e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Generator (QPME )</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Manpowe r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">General Labou r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Rigger </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Drive r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Operato r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Fire Warde n</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 .</td>
<td colspan="5" rowspan="2">Construction Methods / Construction Sequence DrawingsPreparation & LogisticsPrior to start any physical works, CSHK foreman/engineer will provide a briefing to all workers, inform thethe rules of working at SHD, traffic and security management arrangement, method for the constructiowork, safety control measure, quality control and environmental issues. The labour would directly transferred from Tung Chung through the gate access shown below. Security guarwill be set up near the gate access </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Labour and Plant Access from Slip Road</td>
</tr></table>

This document is controlled in soft copy.

<!--    -->

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 4 of 11

chopped with a red control stam p

truck. All workers can only smoke at the demarcated smoke area.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">truck. All workers can only smoke at the demarcated smoke area.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temporary welfare facility and toilets</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temporary welfare facility and toilets</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Works – Erection method of the Temporar yContainer Site Office1 .Site Clearance2 .Laying Blinding Concrete for the temporary site office3 .Setting out4 .Lifting arrangement5 .Connect earthing system and power supply6 .Connect water discharge/supply systemSite ClearanceIdentify the existing MTR facilitie snear or into construction site, such as manhole cover. Apply protections (To be agreed with MTR) to all the identified MTR facilities and take photographic records before any work commencement. Carry out the condition survey and photographic record. Pu tthe labelled cone on manhole cover on site in order to avoid the water filled barrier covered the manhole cover .CSHK will carry out UU detection. Water filled barrier would be erected around the pier and along the existing fencing.If there exits no UU at the Container Site Office area, CSHK will carry out the site clearance works.Laying Blinding Concrete for Temporary Container Site OfficeCSHK will make good the uneven formation and on top of the formation, CSHK will place the 150mm 20/20 concrete blinding with mesh for the temporary container site office. The concrete will come from concrete factory, delivery by concrete truck, 20T backhoe will assist to lay the concrete. The backhoe will be transferred through the similar access above. </td>
</tr></table>

This document is controlled in soft copy.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
</tr></table>

<!--    -->

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 5 of 11

chopped with a red control stam p

**Lifting Arrangement** 

Set up the overall location of container site office at W1. Erect the container site office on the concrete blinding based on the lifting plan below. The weight of a 20’ container is 2.2T with the lifting capacity of crane lorry reduced to 80% of its original SWL. Load of lifting gears must be counted as part of the lifting load. Outrigger of the crane lorry shall be full extended before lifting works. No part of the crane lorry will work beyond the water filled barrier. 

<!-- load. Outrigger of the crane lorry shall be full extended before lifting works. No part of the crane lorry will  work beyond the water filled barrier.         Lifting plan for the container village   -->

<!-- Headroom:  9m Headroom:  7m 45T Rear Crane Lorry @10m radius 4.135T x 0.8T= 3.3T > 2.2T of container With Height <5m, headroom 7m-9m OK!  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Headroom: 9mHeadroom: 7m45T Rear Crane Lorry @10m radius4.135T x 0.8T= 3.3T &gt; 2.2T of containerWith Height &lt;5m, headroom 7m-9mOK!</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Schematic lifting plan for under Shun Long Road</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Power will be supplied through generator to the container site office. Air conditioner will be provided for </td>
</tr></table>

Power will be supplied through generator to the container site office. Air conditioner will be provided for container. Install earthing system (refer to the detail below) to the container and power supply. Fire extinguisher will be placed inside the container since there is no fire detection system. 

<!--    -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed earthing details for container village</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect the water supply (Temporary will be Depot Water Point) to the toiletCSHK will make use the a 100mm dia. U-channel around the container site office as the temporary drainage, the water will be connected to the temporary catch pits and wetset, then discharge to the designated discharge point. And the discharge points should be agreed with depot and CWBU.After all set up, layout shown below.   </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General layout for W1 container village</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety (Risk Assessments)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risk assessment and Job hazard analysis attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> -General works shall be carried out during normal hours from 0800 to 1900. No works will be carried out after 1900 on weekdays, Sundays and public holiday without approval construction noise permit.  -Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site. -ULSD diesel will be used in all PME.</td>
</tr></table>

<!--    -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> -QPME plant will be employed if available -The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/ EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspectio n& test plans, and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents.Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with “Hold Points” at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further.Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK’s project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A – Risk assessment Appendix B – Plant Catalogue Appendix C – Emergency Contact ListAppendix D - ITP (N/A)</td>
</tr></table>

<!--    -->

