<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AR</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000401</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev. A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">(ABWF)-PMO-Verification of Drawpits Connectivity by Wire Drawing</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vivian Yip</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ryan Yuen</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/Hui Wai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa / WH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABWFCoordinator</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeputyConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SO-</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13-May-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13-May-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13-May.2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1315124</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signatre:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ler teung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma-ris Ho</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/ MarkMcGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13-May-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Ma 2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13-MT-2024.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/5/24</td>
</tr></table>

**CONTENT** 

## 1. Introduction 

**2. Reference Documents** 

## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor 

### 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement 

### 5. Programme and Working Hours

### 6. Plant, Equipment & Material 

**7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence** 

## 8. Safety 

### 9. Environmental 

## 10. Quality Control 

## 11. Appendices 

**This document is controlled in soft copy.** 

**Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless**  **Page 2 of 13** 

**chopped with a red control stamp**  


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The objective of this method statement is to outline the procedure for drawing wire to verify the connectivity of drawpits between the MDF room of the main depot building and Project manager’s office before laying fibre optic cable for PM’s office. This activity ensures that the drawpits are properly connected and ready for cable laying. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Contract Document - Scope of work S1005.3.317  </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works will be carried out by CSHK’s direct labour. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="11"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities: </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Company </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="8">CSHK </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ryan Yuen </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deputy Construction Manager </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nick Wang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vivian Yip </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABWF Coordinator </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky Luo </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Manager </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ernest Young </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Safety Officer </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheung Siu Kei </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Superintendent </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wong Yu Fung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Foreman </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">(a) Deputy Construction Manager Responsible for overall site planning, administration, monitoring, controlling progress for the Works. (b) Assistant Construction Manager Responsible for site construction coordination, technical safety and quality of works, as well as to ensure the works to be implemented in a safe manner for the Works. (c) ABWF Engineer Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers and relevant statutory safety requirements. (d) Safety Manager / Safety Officer Responsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site. (e) Superintendent/Site Foreman Person in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor/Site Foreman is also responsible in implementing works control checklist. </td>
</tr></table>

**This document is controlled in soft copy.** 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

**Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless** 

**chopped with a red control stamp**  


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspend for contingency/ reasons. Please refer to Appendix D. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5. </td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">The works are planned to be commenced on Early May 2024. The general working hours for Construction Area will be from 08:00 – 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. For Operation Area, it will be carried out on Saturday from 08:00 – 19:00. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement. All the works shall be led by WPIC during the approved working period. Competent Person for Underground Utilities Survey shall be assigned and in the presence of works. CP(T)/ CP(NT) is to look after the works not affect the safety of operating railway. Any opening of the existing manhole shall notify Depot relevant parties in advance. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6. </td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment) </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="12"></td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">All plants and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with the current regulations.  The major plants and equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow: - </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Wire </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Fish Tape Wire Puller </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Drawpit cover lifting tool </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Measuring tape or distance measuring device </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Personal protective equipment (PPE) </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="3"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Labour </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer / Foreman </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7. </td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">7.1 Location Plan – The location and cable routing plan can refer to Appendix C. 7.2 Works Procedure – a. Identify the drawpits that need to be checked for connectivity. b. Two drawpit covers will be opened each time. Starting from drawpit no. 1 and drawpit no.2. Thenumbering and grouping can refer to Appendix C. c. Fence-off the working area by water barriers (refer to fig. 2) / traffic cones and plastic barriers(refer to fig. 1); refer to Appendix E for drawpit that require TTA. </td>
</tr></table>

**Fig 1. Photo Reference of Traffic cones & Plastic Barriers**  **Fig. 2 Photo Reference of Water Barriers** 

**d. Measure the distance between the drawpits using a measuring tape or distance measuring device.** 

**e. Use the appropriate tools, such as lifting keys or hooks to safely lift and open the drawpit cover.(Method of opening the drawpit cover can refer to ACC Ref.: 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000095 Rev.A Section 6.2)** 

**f. Conduct a visual inspection of the drawpit to identify the presence of draw rope (refer to fig. 3) connecting the drawpits.** 

**Fig 3. Photo Reference of Draw rope inside drawpit.** 

**g. If the ropes are found, check the ropes are in good condition and the connectivity of the desired**  **drawpits/ cable ducts.** 

**h. If the ropes are not found or not connected of the desired drawpits, using a PVC tube to place on the opening of cable ducts, then insert the fish tape (refer to fig. 4) into the PVC tube, the PVC tube will guide the fish tape into the cable duct and following the anticipated route. Use gentle pushing and pulling motions to navigate bends or obstacles within the cable duct.** 

**Fig 4. Photo Reference of Fish Tape** 

**This document is controlled in soft copy.** 

**Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless**  **chopped with a red control stamp**  **Page 5 of 13** 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i. Continue feeding the fish tape until it reaches the next drawpit /desired endpoint. j. Attach one end of the fish tape wire puller to the wire. k. Pull the fish tape back slowly while simultaneously guiding the wire through the drawpit. Ensure that the wire follows the path of the fish tape and doesn't get tangled or snagged. l. Inspect the wire as it is being pulled to identify any obstructions, resistance, or signs of connectivity issues. m. Once the wire has been fully drawn through the cable duct of drawpits, the drawpits are considered connected and ready for cable laying. n. Labelling the wire to facilitate the upcoming cabling works. o. Lower the drawpit cover back into position by appropriate tools, aligning it properly. Ensure that the cover is securely in place p. Repeat the step C to o for the next group of drawpits. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety (Risk Assessments)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment. General Site Safety With reference to the Project Safety Plan, the following items need to be instituted through the course of the works described within this method statement. 1 All workers shall attend a site-specific induction course conducted by Safety Team. The Safety Officer shall explain the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment Record and the Construction Manager/ Engineer / Foreman in charge of the work shall explain the system of work to his supervisors and workers. 2 All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager / Engineer / Safety Officer / Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. 3 Toolbox talk training with reference to the recommended safety and environmental control measures after Construction Risk Assessment will be provided to the site personnel prior to commencing works 4 A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix A.5 Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Plastic barriers and reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencement to demarcate the working area.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 Particular care needs to be taken when working on or near busy roads. No works will beundertaken unless safe access.7 Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/Engineer/Foreman, etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response.The emergencycontact list is shown in Appendix D.8 All workers should have RSI qualification when working at OA Area such as near the seawall/main road.9 In the case where access and works in the drawpits is required, need to ensure there's nodamages to the existing wires; Competent Person will be required, while workers should beholding relevant valid certificate and all statutory procedures/requirement for Confined Spaceshould be followed.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/ EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP)The following mitigation measures will be followed:- General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (08:00 to 18:00). No works usingPME will be carried out after 07:00pm normal working days and on Sunday and public holidaywithout a valid construction noise permit.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the requiredworks standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans,and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routineinspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers andForeman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of thesedocuments.Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Planwith "Hold Points" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further.Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection ofthe works by the CSHK's project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) willidentify all Hold Points and Witness Points.Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and / or test records are to be prepared toindicate whetherthe specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will bemaintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A- Risk AssessmentAppendix B - Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)Appendix C-Location PlanAppendix D -Emergency Contact ListAppendix E - TTA Drawings</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This documentis controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 8 of 13chopped with a red control stamp

