Method Statement Change and Review Template


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/06/2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Work activity:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trial trench excavation works at West Wash Plant Road near AB25 (Rev.A)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved MS(ACC)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:1701-W-000-CSC-760-000241(v2)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Initiated by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sam Tsang,Kingsley Zhao</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evaluatechange:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">□The MS is followed on site.☑Minor change, any change which would not render the safe system of worknor the original safe guard/control ineffective□Major change, any change other than minor change</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Review andapprovechange:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">☑Minor change☑(1)without railway implication□(2) with railway implication (accepted by HKTS)Description:Proposed trench width and location of trial trenchs hav been updated due tosite condition.Report IntroductionThe proposed trench width is change from approx.0.44m since the steel plateon site with the length of 2.44m.Section 8.2 Trench ExcavationThe trial trench shall be approx. 440mm wide and up to 1m in depth.Figure 8.1 Typical SectionWidth shall be revised with approx. 0.44m from previous approved MS with0.3m in width.Appendix AProposed Trial trench Location, Layout of TT1 to TT4 have been revised asattached in this revised method statement.□(3) Major change&gt;follow the normal method statement approvalprocessDescription:Agreed bySenior engineer: Alex Yiu,SCESenior inspectorSafety team:HKTS team:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Communication:(internal)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved minor change and briefing to operatives is carried out on□Major change&gt;follow the normal method statement approval process</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Communication:(external)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summarized and discussed in weekly RP/HKTS meeting.□ RPRSMDPP&DO□ IMD</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- *  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000124</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000241</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.B</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Trial trench excavation works at West Wash Plant Road near AB25</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2h</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sam Tsang</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/HuiWai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa/WH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE-</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.06.2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.06.2024.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.06.2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.06.2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> A TS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">t</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Iris Ho</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/MarkMcGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr. Project Director /A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.06.2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.06.2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.06.2024.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.06.2024</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- muca  -->

CONTENT

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

## 4. Programme and Working Hours

## 5. Plant, Equipment & Material

## 6. Works Methodology

## 7. Safety

### 8. Environmental

## 9. Quality Control

## 10. Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 18chopped with a red control stamp 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Introduction</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">To facilitate the UU diversion at Works Area W12, it is intended to divert the existing UU located at W12 to the existing EVA. To verify the feasibility of the scheme, trial trenches shall be excavated to determine if there is sufficient space within the existing EVA to accommodate the diverted UU’s. The proposed trench is approx. 0.44m wide, 3m in length and up to 1m in depth and local trimming may be required to expose the existing utilities up to 1.4m depth. Trench details as attached in Appendix G for depth with 1.2m to 1.5m. The works will be carried out section by section in order to maintain waiting space for vehicles to pass through the west level crossing to W11. TTMs will be implemented section by section with a length of 10m, which shall be removed daily after completion of each works shift as agreed in the EDoC meeting with MTRC and HKTS on 21 March 2024 as shown in Figure 7.1 & Appendix A to facilitate the works. The detail of the procedures and methods contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated where necessary based on the actual site condition. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.The excavated trial trench shall be temporarily covered with 40mm thick steel plates with dimensions of 1.22m x 2.44m to allow removal of the TTM. The trial trenches shall be reinstated with sand backfilluntil the bottom of the existing concrete slab and Grade 40/20 concrete shall be casted with thickness matched with existing condition when all the as-built information for the UU diversion at W12 are confirmed.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reference Documents</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">⚫ General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited -2022)⚫ Scope for Contract 1701⚫ Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works (M&W)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works will be carried out by our subcontractor and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide the full time CP(T) (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) on site with 1 CP(T) appointed for 20 workers at the same work area. All workersshould possess the qualification Railway Safety Training (RSI). In addition, a WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect, supervise and carry out the construction works. The persons listed below shall be responsible for the works:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Company </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="6">CSHK </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lewis Ng </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Section Agent</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">David Lam </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Johnson Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sam Tsang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 3 of 18</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edmond Man </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Wenguang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kinsley Zhao </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Man Hin </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graduate Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheung Siu Kei </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Superintendent (WPIC)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benny Yeung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky To </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TBC </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CP(T)</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheung Siu Kei </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Superintendent (WPIC)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benny Yeung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky To </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TBC </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CP(T)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">(a) Construction Manager Responsible for the overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner.(b) Site Engineer / Superintendent / ForemanResponsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safemanner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers.(c) Safety Manager/ Safety OfficerResponsible for assessing the condition of each work areas with regard to safety. To prepare arisk assessment before the commencement of works, enforce a safe works practice andenvironment in the workplace and work site.(d) Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)WPIC is in charge of a specific construction activity within the works areas across the site. TheSite Supervisor is also responsible for implementing the works control checklist.(e) Registered Electrical Workers (REW)Workers who have valid certificate of registered electrical worker and completed MTR RSI trainingand obtained the qualification.(f) WorkersWorkers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification.(g) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))The CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the RailwayOperational Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site forinspection. The CP shall report to the depot before works can commence.The Emergency Team contact list is enclosed in the event of any unforeseen occurrence that may bedeemed an Emergency. Please refer to Appendix E.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">This method statement is applicable for the trial trench excavation at the West Wash Plant Road near AB25 under Contract 1701. The general working hours will be from 08:00 – 18:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday and expected to be completed within a week. CSHK shall ensure compliance with allConstruction Noise Permit Requirements.</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">All works shall be supervised by a CP(T) during the general working period. A Competent Person forUnderground Utilities Survey shall be assigned and be present during the works. In addition, a WPICwill be on site to supervise the works.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Plant, Equipment & Material</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="9"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">All equipment will be inspected prior to mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good workingcondition and comply with all current regulations. The major equipment to be deployed to carry outthe works are as follows with the technical specification attached in Appendix D:Hand tool for excavation.Excavator (Backhoe mounted with breaker/bucket) or equivalent mechanical plant with plywoodboard placed to protect the road surface.Permanent magnetic lifter (Safe Working Load =2 tonnes)1 no. Workfront</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant/Equipment</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Excavator (Backhoe mounted with breaker/bucket) orequivalent mechanical plant for general lifting</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hand tool for excavation (Saw-cut machine)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Permanent magnetic lifter</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Labour</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Lifting ArrangementNo part of the mobile crane/crane lorry will work beyond the water filled barrier and the maximumlifting load shall be &lt;80% of SWL.Load of lifting gears must be counted as part of the lifing load.For any lifting operation by crane lorry, the mobile crane / crane lorry outriggers must be fully extendedand the unsafe zone will be fenced off under the approved TTM in Section 7 & Appendix A.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Traffic and Security Management</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Contractor Vehicle ArrangementThe access to the site shall be as follows:Temporary Traffic ArrangementTo facilitate the trial excavation, TTMs will be implemented section by section in order tomaintain the waiting area for vehicles passing through the west level crossing to W11. TTM willbe set up and removed after the completion of works daily. The trench will be temporarilycovered with steel plates to allow for the resumption of vehicle traffic.The works will be fenced off by traffic cones and signage with traffic controllers deployed tocontrol the traffic. Details for the section-by-section procedure are attached in Appendix A.The TTM arrangement for the works was presented in the EDoC and Method Statement meeting on21 March 2024. In principle, no adverse comments were received and this method was approved inprinciple in the meeting. The approved TTA arrangement will be submitted to MTR separately.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 5 of 18

chopped with a red control stamp

Figure 7.1 shows the general master TTM plan of the Wrks. If the TTA is required to have minor

<!-- TTM arrangement near AB25 agreed in EDoC /MS meeting on 21/03/2024. Additional traffic sign for AB25's TTA. Vehicle waiting area for Additional traffic sign height measurement and passing through west level for AB25's TTA. crossing to W11 Traffic cones at 0800-1800 under 4 sections (10mx3m) (The TTM with trafficcones will be demobilized daily after work and conduct one by one.) water filled barrier Additional traffic sign for AB25's TTA.  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.amendment, CSCE shall inform the depot under the TTA meeting on every Thursday.To ensure effective communication between the CP(T) for controlling the West Level Crossingaccess and the traffic controllers of TTMs, the 2 traffic controllers and the CP(T) shall communicatevia walkie-talkie to ensure smooth traffic crossing of the West Level Crossing. When the CP(T)receives approval of entry/crossing from the depot, CP(T) should repeat and confirm the message,then instruct the traffic controllers to release the number of vehicles approved by the depot. CSCErequired to have a briefing on every TTM shift and supervise this implementation diligently.TTM arrangement near AB25agreed in EDoC /MS meeting on21/03/2024. Additional traffic signfor AB25's TTA.Vehicle waiting area forheight measurement andAdditional traffic sign passing through west levelfor AB25's TTA. crossing to W11Traffic cones at 0800-1800under 4 sections(10mx3m)(The TTM with trafficcones will be demobilizeddaily after work and conduct one by one.)water filled barrierAdditional traffic signfor AB25's TTA.Figure 7.1 - Overview of the TTM master plan under 21 March 2024 meeting</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Works Methodology</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.1 Preparation WorksBefore carrying out the excavation works, UU detection is to be carried out by a CP. (Underseparate submission)A pre-job briefing is required to be given prior to the commencement of works between the CPworkers and Site Engineer for the UU detection.Set out the location of the trial trench. Please refer to the Appendix A for the proposed locationof the trial trenches.Fence off the works area by traffic cones and set up warning signs.Exact trial trench locations shall be further verified and agreed with the CSCE engineer beforecommencement.Conduct cable detection by a competent person CP with reference to the latest underground</td>
</tr></table>

utilities plan. Before commencement of any digging works, the underground utilities detection report shall be certified and a signed Permit-To-Dig form shall be in place.

### 8.2 Trench Excavation

⚫ No vehicle driving pass and no material shall be stockpiled within the 45 degree failure zone of the trail trench. Hence The traffic cone shall be placed at 0.5m -1m away from the edge of the trail trench. 

⚫ The concrete / bitumen surface shall be saw-cut before concrete breaking by hand tools. 

⚫ The Trial trench shall be approx. 440mm wide and up to 1m in depth. If necessary, the excavator or other plant and equipment will be deployed to remove the existing concrete and hard material for removal of the road paving or any obstruction to pit excavation.

⚫ The plan in Appendix A shows the detail of the trench and section by section layout.

<!-- 米  -->

<!-- Stockpile with sand bag out of the failure zone 40mm thk.steel plate (approx.0.9 ton) Footpath Footpath Depth 0.5-1m local trimming may be required, shoring shall be Width Failure zone adopted with with 45 deg. depth>1.2m Approx. 440mm 3,000mm  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Figure 8.2 Concreting plan and logistics for EVA reinstatement⚫ The trial trench shall be backfilled by the sand bag backfill until the bottom of the existing concrete slab and reinstated with the 40/20D grade of concrete under separate material submission and thickness shall matched with the existing condition after all as-built information has been recorded. The concrete truck shall access from the West Gate and reinstate all trial trenches under the approved TTA in the same working shift.⚫ For concreting work, we shall adopt the traffic cone set up as shown in Figure 8.2 with same TTA arrangement. The concrete pour shall be conducted within the fence off area. One traffic lane shall be provided during the concrete pour which demonstrate no obstruction of traffic.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">⚫ All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager / Engineer / Safety Officer / Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works.⚫ A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Survey Team, Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix C.⚫ To ensure the workers carrying out the trial trench excavation works are fully informed of the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing will be provided before the operation commences.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">⚫ Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vests, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Plastic barriers and reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencement to demarcate the working area.⚫ The trial trench shall be inspected on weekly basis by a Competent Person and a ‘Form 4 –Excavation of Earthworks’ inspection form shall be filled in to ensure the trial trench are in safe condition.⚫ A Permit-to-Dig system shall be implemented and strictly followed to mitigate the risk of damageto existing underground utilities. Relevant valid underground utilities plans shall be obtained and cable detection shall be conducted by competent person before commencement of works. A briefing shall be conducted to the workers to inform them of the underground utility conditions atthe works area and precautions required. The proposed working area should be marked physically on site by CP. ⚫ Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works /Supervisors inspection in the Trial Trench. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landing place.⚫ Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/ Engineer/ Foreman etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix E.The risk for the works has been assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix C.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following mitigation measures will be followed:- General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (08:00 to 18:00). No works using PME will be carried out after 07:00pm on Sunday and public holiday without a valid construction noise permit.- Excavated soil shall be stocked pile at the designated area and covered properly by tarpaulin or other accepted means to avoid being blown away under strong wind condition to prevent dust generation and reused on site prior to disposal.- ULSD Diesel will be used in all PME.- Plant with QPME label will be deployed if available.- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site.- All chemicals will be placed on drip tray.- Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal.- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP).</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.⚫ Construction works shall be fully complied with Quality Plan.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For a work activity which is classified as "Quality Hold Point", no subsequent work can be startedunless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR's inspectorate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Proposed Trial trench location, layout and temporary traffic arrangementB. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)C. Risk AssessmentD. Technical Specification for Equipment and PlantsE. Emergency Contact ListF. GI log for surrounding areaG. Typical Shoring System for Trail Trench Excavation</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 11 of 18chopped with a red control stamp

