<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000105</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000488</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.-</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Method Statement of Treatment of Excavated Marine Deposit</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">徐盼枫</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">王思洋</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sh</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shawn Xu</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nick Wang</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/Hui Wai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa / WH Lam-</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intern$f - T _ { \in e } - 2 0 2 4$</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Jum-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WL Teung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H.reve</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> n9oy</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma/IrisHo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/MarkMcGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr. Project Director /A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Jcn-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14- -2020</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard coples seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 26chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

CONTENT

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3.Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement 

## 4.Programme and Working Hours

## 5. Plant, Equipment & Material

## 6. Precaution and Preparation Before Commencement of Works 

## 7. Construction Methods

## 8. Safety

### 9. Environmental

## 10. Quality Control

## 11. Appendices


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 2 of 26</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">This Method Statement gives a guideline for the treatment of excavated marine deposit procedure at Siu Ho Wan Depot under Contract 1701. This document shall be distributed to relevant parties to introduce the work scopes, to present the sequence of works and to define the associated responsibilities to ensure the health, safety, environment and quality issues addressed. The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">⚫ General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited - 2022)⚫ Scope for Contract 1701.⚫ Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works.⚫ Sediment Quality Report⚫ Practice Guide for Investigation and Remediation of Contaminated Land</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:Name PositionCF Chan Construction ManagerAnthony He Assistant Construction ManagerNick Wang Assistant Construction ManagerDavid Wong Senior EngineerTim Cai EngineerAndrew Mak EngineerCharles Xu Graduate EngineerAndrew Lo Graduate EngineerLeung Kwok Fung Safety ManagerErnest Young Assistant Safety OfficerJames Ma Environmental ManagerIris Ho Environmental OfficerPriscilla Yick Assistant Environmental OfficerCheung Siu Kei Superintendent / WPICNg Ho Lun Senior Foreman / WPICShawn Xu Intern (Civil)(a) Construction Manager / Assistant Construction ManagerResponsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner.(b) Site Agent / Senior Engineer / Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 3 of 26</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of works in a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers via guidance from safety officers.(c) Safety Manager/ Safety OfficerResponsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To prepare risk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in the workplace and work site.(d) Environmental Manager (EM)/ Environmental Officer (EO)• Managing all environmental issues associated with the project.• Developing and maintaining the environmental management system for the project.• Participating in the site environmental inspection with the nominated site staff of the Engineer, supervising and monitoring the environmental performance on site.• Ensuring that any polluting or potentially polluting situation is promptly rectified.• Establishment of the environmental management with regard to the corporate requirement.• Follow up of corrective and preventive actions to provide opportunities for continual improvement on environmental management.• Collect and advise on applicable standards, specification and statutory regulation on environmental management.(e) Worksite Person in Charge (WPIC)WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positions of site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist.(f) WorkersWorkers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification.(g) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the Railway Operation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on site for inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The treatment of excavated marine deposit works will be carried out tentatively from Mid-2024 to Mid-2026. The general working hours will be from 08:00 – 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be required to carry out works from 19:00 - 7:00and Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement.All the works within OA Area shall be led by CP(T)/CP(NT) during the approved working period. For works in CA areas that require EDOC approval include all types of non-routine maintenance works carried out by the Hong Kong Transport Services, Capital Works </td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 4 of 26</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Business Unit or Property Business Unit, such as capital and revenue works, tests, trials, modifications, replacement and repairs with design changes, which have an effect on the operation, safety and reliability of the Operating Railway, CP(T)/ CP(NT) will be required.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The major equipment will be deployed to carry out the works are as follow: -For treatment of Excavated Marine Deposit⚫ Dump truck⚫ Backhoe excavator⚫ Grab lorry</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precaution and Preparation Before Commencements of Works</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">⚫ Fully Supervision at all times shall be provided at work fronts, especially for the location with significant interfaces with SHD daily operation or other construction works within depot.⚫ Advanced coordination and communication shall be made with interfacing contractors to facilitate works nearby.⚫ For lifting works by grab lorry or crane, the operator shall ensure a clear and unrestricted view of the load carried in prior to lifting works.⚫ CP shall report to depot before works could commence and brief safety rules to workers before commencement of work.⚫ CP escort is required for all dump trucks travelling in OA areas.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Methods</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1 Treatment of Excavated Marine DepositCSHK will explore on the feasibility for the reuse of sediment as backfilling materials on site. The revised sediment quality report (SQR) submitted by MTR to Environmental Protection Department (EPD) under letter ref. (7) in EP 60/G1/12-637 (Pt. III) dated 4 August 2022 was approved by EPD till 1 July 2024. Refer Appendix A for Sediment Sample Locations and Sediment Categorisation Plan.Referring to contract S205.10.7, III(b), it is noted that CSHK should:(a) reuse the excavated land-based marine sediment as far as possible within the Site before considering disposal, at least 300 m3 will be reused as backfilling material on site. Marine disposal option for the land-based marine sediment should only be considered as the last resort upon exhaustion of reuse options, and only be implemented with acceptance by the Project Manager and approval by EPD (DASO); and(b) review the availability of suitable location within the Site and explores possible backfilling methods such that the excavated land-based marine sediment is feasible to be reused as backfilling materials on site.As noted from the revised SQR report, an estimated 12,103 m3 of marine sediment are required to be excavated under the Project. Based on the screening results and </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

categorisation plan, approximately 10,741 m3 of sediment would be suitable for Type 1 (Open Sea Disposal), 1,132 m3 of sediment would be suitable for Type 1 (Dedicated Site Disposal) and 230 m3for Type 2 (Confined Marine Disposal).


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Sediment (in-situ)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1 (Open Sea Disposal)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 2 (Dedicated Site Disposal)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 2 (Confirmed Marine Disposal)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12,103 m3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,741 m3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,132 m3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230 m3</td>
</tr></table>

###### Table.1 – Types of marine sediment

As stated in section 7.1(b) above, CSHK will explore on the feasibility for the reuse of sediment as backfilling materials on site. Approximately 100 m3 of the uncontaminated Category L sediment is proposed to be reused on-site as backfilling materials and the backfilling area is shown in Appendix B. In addition, approximately 10641 m3 excavated marine deposit will be disposed to designated locations.

For marine deposit that meet the testing standards, will be regarded as reusable materials, CSHK will use for backfilling in designated areas, on the contrary, it cannot be reused. The treatment standards, techniques, and requirements will be presented in subsequent chapters.

### 7.1.1 Marine Deposit Treatment Standard

CSHK will follow the EPD’s Practice Guide for Investigation and Remediation of Contaminated Land (Practice Guide) to test and treat the contaminated sediment for reuse of the treated sediments with reference to the Unconfined Compressive Strength (UCS) and the Universal Treatment Standards (UTS), which specify the Toxicity Characteristics Leaching Procedure (TCLP) test limits as given in Table.2 of the Practice Guide, as shown in Table.1 below. The UCS criteria should be equal to or greater than 350 kPa. 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters (1)(2) </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCLP Limit (mg/L)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimony </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arsenic </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barium </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cadmium </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Chromium </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lead </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mercury </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.025</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nickel </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zinc </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3</td>
</tr></table>

Table.2 - Universal Treatment Standards for On-site Reuse of Cement 

Stabilization/Solidification Treated Soil

Notes:

1. Universal Treatment Standard – US 40 CFR 268.48

## 2. For other metal contaminants under the risk-based remediation goals (RBRGs) e.g. Cobalt, Copper, Manganese, Molybdenum and Tin, they must be reduced by at least 90 percent in mobility for respective metals through cement stabilization / solidification remedial treatment. The reduction of mobility of metal contaminants (leachable metals contaminants) should be confirmed through TCLP tests (i.e. to carry out TCLP test for the untreated soil and for the soil after treatment and to compare the concentrations of the metals in the leachates). Taking into account the sediment under treatment are uncontaminated Category L sediment, the treatment criteria for these other metal 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 6 of 26</td>
</tr></table>

contaminants are considered met if the concentrations of cobalt, copper, manganese, molybdenum and tin are below the RBRGs for Urban Residential land use scenario (for railway depot with residential / commercial development above) under EPD’s issued Guidance Manual for Use of Risk-Based Remediation Goals for Contaminated Land Management or, if exceeded the respective RBRGs, the TCLP levels of the concerned metal contaminant(s) in the samples taken after treatment is reduced by at least 90 percent in mobility or smaller than the limit of reporting (LOR).


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemical </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBRGs for Urban Residential land use scenario (mg/kg)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cobalt </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1480</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copper </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2950</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manganese </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000*</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Molybdenum </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">369</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tin </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000*</td>
</tr></table>

Table.3 - Relevant Risk-Based Remediation Goals (RBRGs) for Cobalt, Copper,

Manganese, Molybdenum and Tin

Note: 

*Indicates a ‘ceiling limit’ concentration.

### 7.1.2 Marine Deposit Treatment Technique

The sediment would be treated using stabilization / solidification (S/S) technique prior to reuse by mixing with cement (e.g. Portland cement). The sediment will be provided with the necessary strength and contaminants (if any) in the sediment will be immobilised in the cement/sediment mix after the S/S process.

Pilot-scale trial will be carried out before the commencement of treatment to determine the optimal cement/sediment ratio (by weight) and curing time that could achieve the treatment standards (e.g. 80% of sediment with 5% Portland cement and 15% in-situ granular / sand material; curing time of 4 days).

The sediment treatment facility is expected to be located within the project site depending on the construction phasing. The treatment process is expected to begin with initial mixing of the sediments with in-situ granular / sand materials in batches using an excavator and/or backhoe. Cement slurry will then be added to the initially mixed sediment for the S/S process. The treated sediments shall be placed at a temporary storage area covered by tarpaulin sheets and securely fixed by sandbags, while samples are taken for laboratory testing.

The treated materials will be tested for the Toxicity Characteristics Leaching Procedure (TCLP) and Unconfined Compressive Strength (UCS) and will meet the Universal Treatment Standards (UTS) with reference to the Practice Guide and the UCS criteria prior to reuse. Sediments that meet the treatment standards are considered suitable for reuse on site. In the event that the treated materials did not meet the UTS and UCS standards, the materials should be treated with a higher cement content (e.g. 10%, 20% or 30%). The re-treated samples should be taken for laboratory testing again for TCLP and UCS to confirm if they can be reused on site. Once the UTS and UCS for the relevant tested parameters is attained, the revised cement content should be maintained for treatment.

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 7 of 26

chopped with a red control stamp 

To maximum cost benefit and environment value, the optimum mix of cement stabilized marine deposit should contain minimum content of Portland cement, maximum content of marine deposit and adequate content of granular material. The mix proportions of the site trial are shown in Table. 4.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trial Mix </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Portland Cement </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Granular Material </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marine Sediment</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70%</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65%</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60%</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55%</td>
</tr></table>

Table.4 – Mix Proportions

### 7.1.3 Sampling and Testing Requirements

The untreated and treated sediment samples will be collected using stainless steel hand tools and contained in appropriate containers as provided by the laboratory. Sufficient sample will be taken to fill up the container upon sample collection. All sampling tools will be decontaminated by thoroughly washing with phosphate-free detergent and then rinsing by distilled water. 

The testing frequency will be one sample per 50 m3 of untreated / treated sediment or one sample per batch of untreated / treated sediment if a batch of untreated / treated sediment is less than 50 m3. Any treated samples to be submitted to laboratory for TCLP analysis should be broken up to small pieces with maximum diameter of 10cm.

The sampling and testing schedule are presented in Table. 5 below.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Stage </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sampling Frequency</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Types of Testing</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metals Content in Sediment</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCLP Test </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UCS</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pre-Treatment</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 sample per 50 m3of sediment or 1 sample per batch of sediment if a batch of sediment is less than 50 m3</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(Co, Cu, Mn, Mo and Sn only)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(Co, Cu, Mn, Mo and Sn only)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After Treatment</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 sample per 50 m3of treated sediment or 1 sample per batch of treated sediment if a batch of treated sediment is less than 50 m3</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2(all parameters)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Table.5 - Sampling and Testing Schedule

Notes:

1. For pre-treatment stage, the testing parameters are Cobalt (Co), Copper (Cu), Manganese (Mn), Molybdenum (Mo) and Tin (Sn).

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 8 of 26

chopped with a red control stamp 

2. For after treatment stage, the testing parameters are Antimony (Sb), Arsenic (As), Barium (Ba), Cadmium (Cd), Total Chromium (Cr), Lead (Pb), Mercury (Hg), Nickel (Ni), Zinc (Zn), Cobalt (Co),Copper (Cu), Manganese (Mn), Molybdenum (Mo) and Tin (Sn).

N/A – Not applicable.

The collected samples will be analysed by an HOKLAS accredited laboratory. The parameters, recommended reporting limits and reference methods for laboratory analysis are shown in Table. 6 below. The sample preparation method of USEPA Method 1311 will be followed for the TCLP analysis.

For UCS, the treated material should be allowed to set to achieve the UCS of not less than 350kPa with reference to the USEPA guidelines (1986) – Handbook of Stabilisation/Solidification of Hazardous Wastes, EPA/540/2-86-001. The test procedure of UCS test should be based on BS 1377.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reporting Limit</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Reference Method*</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metal Content in Sediment (mg/kg)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCLP Test(mg/L)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimony </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="14">USEPA 1311 (for TCLP)andUSEPA 6020A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arsenic </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barium </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cadmium </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Chromium</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lead </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mercury </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nickel </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zinc </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cobalt </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copper </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manganese </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Molybdenum </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tin </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td>
</tr></table>

Table.6 - Parameters, Reporting Limits and Reference Methods for Laboratory Analysis

Notes:

* Alternative testing methods with accreditation by HOKLAS or its Mutual Recognition Arrangement partners may be used.

N/A – Not applicable. 

## QA/QC samples should be collected in the following frequency during sediment sampling.

• 1 equipment blank per 20 samples for analysis of parameters in Table. 5; and

• 1 field blank per 20 samples for analysis of parameters in Table.5.

• Duplicate sample for QA / QC will be provided.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 9 of 26</td>
</tr></table>

### 7.1.4 Marine Deposit Laboratory Samples Delivery Requirement

The samples will be stored, transported and maintained at 4°C or lower without being frozen in the dark prior to any laboratory testing. All samples will be packed and transported in such a manner as to avoid shock, vibration or any other disturbance of the samples. Samples will be delivered to laboratory within 24 hours after collection and analysed within the respective holding time. The chain-of-custody procedure will be followed to record the flow of sample handling, from collection of samples to delivery of samples to the designated laboratory.

### 7.1.5 Disposal of Excavated Marine Deposit

After treatment of certain amount of excavated marine deposit, if it is not feasible to further reuse the excavated marine sediment, it will have to be disposed. For further transportation and disposal of spare excavated marine deposit, a separate Method Statement will be proposed.

Stockpiling of contaminated sediments shall be avoided as far as possible. If temporary stockpiling of contaminated sediments is unavoidable, the excavated sediment shall be covered by tarpaulin, securely fixed by sandbags and the area shall be placed within earth bunds or sand bags to prevent leachate from entering the ground, nearby drains and/or surrounding water bodies. The stockpiles shall be completely paved or covered by linings in order to avoid contamination to underlying soil or groundwater. Separate and clearly defined areas shall be provided for stockpiling of contaminated and uncontaminated materials. Leachate, if any, shall be collected and discharged according to the Water Pollution Control Ordinance (WPCO).

### 7.1.6 Location and Set-up for Treatment

• Refer to the Appendix C, CSHK will tentatively set up an area for treatment of marine deposit (red square), storage area (orange), and storage area of cement (green square). 

• The treated marine deposit shall be placed at a temporary storage area covered by tarpaulin sheets and securely fixed by sandbags.

• For treatment tank, a one-meter brick will be used to enclose the mixing tank, the bottom will be covered with tarpaulin sheets to prevent downward contamination of the land. The size tentatively designs as 8m * 8m * 1m.

• Treatment plant, when the volume of marine deposit is less than 10 m3, a 3-ton excavator will be used; while the volume is between 10 to 50 m3, a 13-ton excavator will be used.

### 7.1.7 Control Measures for Transportation in Construction Area (CA)

From storage area to treatment area, and then to backfilling area, Grab Lorry will be used for transportation in CA area. In order to prevent marine deposit leakage before treatment, a layer of tarpaulin sheet needs to be covered at the bottom of lorry’s tank. If a large amount of marine deposit needs to be processed, the Dump Track will be used for transportation within CA area, and also, the tarpaulin sheet needs to be used.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 10 of 26</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety (Risk Assessments)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.1 General Safety⚫ All workers shall attend a site-specific induction course conducted by Safety Team. The Safety Officer shall explain the necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment Record and the Construction Manager/ Engineer / Foreman in charge of the work shall explain the system of work to his supervisors and workers.⚫ All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation. All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager / Safety Officer / Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works. All workers on site shall obtain an approved "Mandatory Basic Safety Training Certificate".⚫ Toolbox talk training with reference to the recommended safety and environmental control measures after Construction Risk Assessment will be provided to the site personnel prior to commencing works.⚫ A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Foreman / Engineer / Construction Manager, MTR’s representatives and Safety Department to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects and the requirements.⚫ Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearing protectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vest, goggles, gloves and full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site. Warning signs and barriers will be erected where necessary.⚫ Particular care needs to be taken when working on or near busy roads. No works will be undertaken unless safe access, including approved and fully implemented TTM / TTAs where necessary. ⚫ Any emergency situation shall be reported to Subcontractor and Contractor (i.e. Construction Manager / Engineer / Foreman and Safety Department, etc.) for prompt response. ⚫ All workers should have RSI qualification when working at OA Area such as near the seawall / main road.⚫ The treatment area would be no-go zone during operation.8.2 Risk AssessmentThe risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix D.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General mitigation measures:• General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (07:00 to 19:00). No PME will be used after 19:00 on normal working days and Sundays and public holiday with unless with a valid construction noise permit (CNP).• Plant with QPME label will be employed if available.• Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site and the NRMM label should be displayed at a conspicuous position.• Stainless steel hand tools for daily use and containers used for placing experimentalmaterials should be cleaned promptly after use.• All sampling tools will be decontaminated by thoroughly washing with phosphate-free detergent and then rinsing by distilled water.• Regular watering of active works areas, exposed areas and paved haul roads.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Drip tray should be provided to chemical waste containers. The drip tray should be clean up regularly. Clean up should be done before foreseeable inclement weather such as typhoon or heavy rain.• The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP).Mitigation Measures for Excavated Marine DepositThe following mitigation measures shall be implemented during handling and treatment of the sediments:• The loading, unloading, handling, transfer or storage of treated and untreated sediment should be carried out in an enclosed system as far as possible in such a manner to prevent or minimise odour / dust emissions;• Requirements of the Air Pollution Ordinance (Construction Dust) Regulation, where relevant, shall be adhered to during handling, treatment and transportation of the sediment.• Any treatment / temporary stockpiling area should be designed to prevent leachate from entering the ground (e.g. impermeable materials should be placed at the bottom of the treatment facility and surrounded by concrete blocks with gaps filled with cement grout or concrete bund). Leachate, if any, should be collected and discharged according to the Water Pollution Control Ordinance (WPCO).• Mixing process and other associated material handling activities should be properly scheduled to minimize potential noise impact and dust emission;• The mixing facilities should be sited as far as practicable from the nearby noise sensitive receivers and to be sited under covers to minimize dust nuisance to the nearby receivers;• Good housekeeping should be maintained at all times at the sediment treatment facility and storage area; and• Treated and untreated sediment should be clearly separated and stored separately.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix E for Inspection and Test Plan. Construction works shall be fully complied with Quality Plan. For work activity which is classified as “Quality Hold Point”, no subsequentwork can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR’s inspectorate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Allocation of Sediment Disposal Space and Sediment Categorisation PlanB. Backfilling areaC. Location for Treatment of Marine Deposit and Cement StorageD. Risk AssessmentE. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 12 of 26</td>
</tr></table>

