<!-- *MTR  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000473</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.0</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site Entrance, Level Crossing and Cross Road Duct at Test Track for OYBStation Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">司</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/HuiWai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa /WH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssistantConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2315124</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2315124</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2315124</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2315124</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">q </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a beung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">u. eee</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3~teng</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma/IrisHo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/MarkMcGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23/5/24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2315124</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 15/24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/5/24</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 34chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

**Document Title: 1701 - MS of Site Entrance and Level Crossing** 

**Document Revision:** 

**Deadline:** 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Section </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comment </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contractor's Response</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD Dev.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 1. IntroductionFigure 1.3</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The height of access gate should align with the test track fencing for depot security propose and test track safety. Barbed wire should be installed at the top of access gate. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The height of access gate is align with the test track fencing.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD Dev.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 1. IntroductionFigure 1.4 – Layout Plan for Gate 6, 7 and A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">According to BUGN2023/21, "the access gates are located 200m East of Signal SHD57 and 200m West of signal SHD009 unless agreed otherwise."From the layout plan of MS, Gate A is within West of signal SHD009. Please relocate this gate.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The updated gate A location are located 200m west of signal SH009.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD Dev.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 7.2.1 Erect the water filled barrier with top panel at proposed Gate 6, Gate 7 and Gate AFigure 7.2.1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">While the work involves removal of existing test track fencing, water filled barrier cannot serve as a proper measures to prevent unauthorized track access . Please propose another method to demarcate worksite. For reference, 1732 installed temporary test track gate when removal of test track fencing is required. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. We will erect the temporary chain link fence instead of water filled barrier when removal of test trackfencing.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD Dev.SHD Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 7.2.2 Remove the existing facilities at test track for install level crossingGeneral </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Existing trackside equipment should NOT be removed or relocated. Please provide the details of test track access gate locking mechanism. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The level crossing will not affect the existing trackside equipment, Noted. Please refer to the update MS.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 7</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD Dev.  SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General 2.Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Since vehicles may cross test track during night time, please ensure that sufficient lighting and road marking is provided to ensure road safety CP(T)/ CCTVs/ Smart Initiatives/ Lookoutman/ Height Gauges are required for managing the Test Track Access Gates. BUGN Requirements"CP(T) will be positioned at each access gate to manage the access control and operate the gate manually along with possession of the gate key. Permissions need to be granted via phone calls from YMs before the opening of the access gates. In addition to the CP(T), CCTV systems should be deployed at all gates, to provide real time monitoring of traffic conditions by YMs. Vehicles and workers crossing the test track will be led by CP(T) and lookoutman. Further, height gauge will be installed at each access gate, and the height of vehicles using the access gates is to be checked by the CP(T). Permitted vehicles must be driven through the track crossings at a speed of not over 10kph.Additional provisions of CCTVs at level crossings will be available in the Depot DCC to ensure the continuous monitoring of traffic conditions in real time. Further, some smart (I&T) initiatives will be explored for the prevention of CP(T) human errors intraffic management at all crossings."</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The lighting, road marking and traffic controller will be provided.Noted. CCTV will be installed at each access gate and level crossing for real time monitoring.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1 Prior to commence theworks</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> A site survey should also be conducted to ensure the planned locations for newly added strail level crossings would have cause any impacts on existing test track equipment, especially signalling equipment. Proper protections to the identified test track equipment near the crossing shall be protected (with MTR agreed protections). </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The initial survey record will be submitted separately. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD-Dev.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 7.2.2 Remove the existing facilities at test track for install level crossing</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As discussed in the RP meeting on 1 Mar 2024, kindly list out all the affected MTR facilities at test track and conduct a separately meeting with all Stakeholders for discussing the way for dealing with the equipment.Pls don’t remove any MTR equipment without any agreements with MTR.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The location of access gate and level crossing is revised. The access gate and level crossing will not affect the existing trackside equipment. </td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD-Dev.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 7.2.5 Construct the level crossing on test track</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unlike mainline tracks, traffics at test track are even more heavier at NTH than NPH.Further, the tracks are often booked by other MTR Stakeholders for train testing at NPH. The best time slot for having construction works at test track is: Sat 10:00 to 16:00 or Weekdays 17:00 to 20:00.Kindly discuss with SHD Depot and agree the work schedule prior to work commencement.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. We will discuss with SHD Depot and agree the work schedule prior to work commencement.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> The newly installed strail level crossing systems at test track shall not have any impacts on regular MTR rail temping works.1701 shall be fully responsible for the regular maintenance of all the newly installed equipment, especially height gauges and strail level crossing systems. Kindly amend the document to include the propose maintenance regime for theequipment into document for comments.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The level crossing system at test track shall not have any impacts on regular MTR rail temping works. We will carry out regular monitoring and maintenance of all the newly installed  equipment.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1213 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> IMD P-Way SHD </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeneralGeneral </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Please clarify whether there are 3 new level crossings for Gate 6, Gate 7 and Gate A respectively and their length.Furthermore, as these level crossings are for construction vehicle use, 1701 should be responsible for their inspection and maintenance, and finally dismantling.The design, while checking by CWBU project team, should also be vetted by T&ES-PWE team in an EDOC, in addition to structural gauge checking. To protect the OHL equipment, a height gauge of the OYB worksite is recommended. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noted. The legnth of each level crossing please refer to the updated MS.Three level crossings are for construction vehicle use, we will carry out regular inspection and maintenance.Noted. The 3.8m height gauge will be installed at each access gate to protect the OHL equipment.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 15</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD  SHD </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General General</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Please advise any partition or barrier between each workfronts. If no solid partition, it is suggested reducing the number of level crossing across the depot test track.  Please share the protection between OYB worksite and the mainlines. This method station couldn't show the prevention of intrusion, unauthorised track access. It could lead to fatal consequence. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The works area is about 1.2km, the number of level crossing can not reduce.We will provide CP(T) on site, and WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site / each work front. WPIC will provide pre work briefing to the worker, that the work area for Level crossing and access gate is within Test Track area.</td>
</tr></table>

**CONTENT** 

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

### 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

### 5. Programme and Working Hours

### 6. Resource, Plant, Equipment & Material

### 7. Traffic and Security Management

### 8. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

## 9. Safety

## 10. Environmental

## 11. Quality Control

## 12. Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 34

chopped with a red control stamp 

## 1. Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)

The work area for OYB Station Northern Structure, the 2 to 4 bifurcation for TCL Down Track and the depot edge piles along grid line ‘R’ are inside the depot area, located between the Mainline and the Test Track. New access gates will be provided to access the works area (Gate TT06, Gate TT07 and Gate TT0A) from the existing depot south road. At each access gate, a temporary diversion of the existing watermain and installation of the level crossings across the Test Track are required to access the construction area. Figures 1.1 and 1.2 show the existing condition of the work areas. In order to supply water, power and concrete to discharge waste water back to the south road, temporary cross road ducts will be installed within the top ballast of the test track at each access gate.

The construction area between the Test Track and the Mainline is very narrow (8.5m to 12m wide), therefore once piling work commences, internal access through the works area will be constrained requiring the use of the level crossings together with a well-planned sequence of piling works to be adopted.

The works area will initially be fenced off with water filled barriers followed by a temporary railway protection fence. Controlled ingress & egress at each access gate is required to prevent unauthorized entrance onto the Test Track and Main Line area. The method statement for the installation of the water filled barrier / railway protection fence will be submitted separately.

<!-- OHL Mast Existing Fence Work Areas for OYB Station, 2  South Roadto 4 bifurcation and depot edge  pile AEL Test Track Figure 1.1 – Existing Condition of Work Areas  -->

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 3 of 34

chopped with a red control stamp 

<!-- Existing Watermain AEL Test Track South Road  -->

### Figure 1.2 – Existing Condition of South Road

In order to protect the existing railway infrastructure of the Test Tack, such as the track and OHL mast/wire, a temporary 3.8m height gauge will be installed at each site entrance together with the level crossings.

Figure 1.3 shows the arrangement for the temporary height gauge, access gate and level crossing at each site entrance. Figure 1.4 shows the location of Gates TT06, TT07 and TT0A; the access gates are located at least 200m East of Signal SHD57 and at least 200m West of signal SHD009, the level crossings will not affect the existing trackside equipment.

**Figure 1.3**  **-**  **Arrangement for Height Gauge, Access Gate, Level Crossing for Each Site** 

**Entrance** 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 4 of 34</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- South Road  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">South RoadFigure 1.4 – Layout Plan for Gate TT06, TT07 and TT0AThe “innoSTRAIL” Level crossing is designed to a max. train speed of 160 Km/h and allows for 55 tons wheel load which is suitable for all the plant to be used accessing the work area. Once installed, the level crossings will be inspected and maintained weekly. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Library) Working Paper No.6 – Railway ProtectionApproved EDOC (pending) for level crossing, height gauge installation Approved BUGN (pending) for height gauge installation, if requiredThe supplier for level crossing is innoSTRAIL, please refer to ACC no. 1701-W-000-CSC-770-000079for the material submission for the level crossing.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The works will be carried out by our subcontractor (pending award) and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. A full time CP(T) (Railway Safety Rules and Requirements) will be provided on site with 1 CP(T) appointed for every 20 workers at the same work area and at each work front. All workers shall possess the Railway Safety Training (RSI) qualification. In addition, a WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site / each work front.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr></table>

CSHK is responsible to supervise, inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as liste in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Company </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="15">CSHK </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lewis Ng </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Section Agent</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">David Lam </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Johnson Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sam Tsang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edmond Man </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Wenguang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kinsley Zhao </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Man Hin </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graduate Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheung Siu Kei </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Superintendent (WPIC)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benny Yeung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ng Tsz Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky To </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TBC </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CP(T)</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crane Lorry </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Backhoe with Breaker (~3 ton) </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Labour </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Driver </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rigger </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 6 of 34</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plumber </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr></table>

**For Installation of Height Gauge, Access Gate** 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crane Lorry </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Labour </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Driver </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rigger </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr></table>

**For Level Crossing** 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment / Workfront </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crane Lorry </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Forklift </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skilled Labour </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Driver </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rigger </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr></table>

**For Crane Lorry and Lifting Gear** 

- Maximum lifting load shall be &lt;80% of SWL of the crane lorry

- The weight of the lifting gear must be counted as part of the lifting load

- For any lifting operation by crane lorry, the crane lorry outriggers must be fully extended/ in accordance with working catalogue of the crane lorry, and the unsafe zone fenced off

- All plant and equipment will be inspected prior to mobilization on site to ensure they are in good working condition and comply with all current regulations. All statutory forms/certificates for Lifting Appliances (LA) and Lifting Gear (LG) must be valid 

## - Subject to good working condition, CSHK will arrange mobilization to site

 - Subject to good working condition, CSHK will submit the permit to lift (for crane lorry, grab lorry lifting gear) and plant permit (for backhoe/forklift).


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 7 of 34</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traffic and Security Management</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contractor Vehicle ArrangementAccess to the site shall be as follows:• Access to W2: From July 2024, access to W2 will be from the east gate and the steel vehicle bridge as shown in Figure 7.1.Figure 7.1 Access to W2 After May 2024CCTVs will be installed at each entrance gates to monitor workers/construction vehicles in and out.CPT will be deployed to control in and out during the construction of entrance gates and the level crossings. C-smart locks will be installed for the entrance gates.Worker Verification− All workers will be picked up at a designated collection point such as Tung Chung Station.− During boarding of the shuttle bus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. − The facial recognition system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. − A list of workers shall be submitted to MTR for registration before starting of works. The list shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.Uniform and Safety Equipment: All workers shall wear PPE and the standard uniform and safety helmet for easy recognition by the security guards and YM.Gate ArrangementDuring site clearance and construction of the RP Fence, access to the work area will be via the existing gates EAG4, EAG5 and proposed gates TT06, TT07 and TT0A. All the gates will be closed and locked when not in use. The key will be provided to the Depot DCC/IMD for proposed gates TT06, TT07 and TT0A.</td>
</tr></table>

This document is controlled in soft copy.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 8 of 34chopped with a red control stamp 

### 8.  Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings

**8.0 Location, Usage**  **Time**  **of Access Gate**  **and Level Crossing at**  **TT06, TT07 and TT0A** 

The location and usage time for the proposed access gates and level crossings is shown in the table below. CSHK plan to use these access gates and level crossings from June 2024 to July 2025. Gate TT06 will be maintained for use by IMD to carry out their railway infrastructure work until Dec 2029.Detail condition survey has been conducted to ensure there is no trackside equipment/facilities around the proposed entrance gates and level crossing need to relocation. There are only two signalling sensors near proposed level crossing near entrance gate TT06 were found close to the proposed level crossing. They are about 250mm from the level proposed level crossing and it has been discussed and the distance are confirmed acceptable to the signalling team.

During the west test track closure period, 1701 will reduce the usage of level crossing at TT06 by using access from west test track side.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

The location and 12m swept path for the gate and level crossing at TT06 is shown in Figures 8-1 to 8-2.

<!-- Figure 8-1 Location of Gate TT06  -->

**Figure 8-2 12m swept path for Gate TT06** 

The location for the gate and level crossing at TT07 is shown in Figure 8-3.

<!-- Figure 8-3 Location of Gate TT07  -->

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 10 of 34

chopped with a red control stamp 

<!-- The location for the gate and level crossing at TT0A is shown in Figure 8-4. GateTTOAatch1+393 Figure 8-4 Location of Gate TT0A  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">The location for the gate and level crossing at TT0A is shown in Figure 8-4.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Figure 8-4 Location of Gate TT0A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">8.1 Prior to commencing the works- CSHK will provide information of works planned to MTR CWBU Inspector, in ordework notice to SOC/DCC every Friday.- ETMS track access shall be booked & approved with approved by the dep</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">r to subm</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ot YM pri</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">commencement.- A topographic survey will be completed in advance to identify the location structures, fixtures,equipment, manholesetc. Suitable protectionmeasureswill b</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">of all exie agreed</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> MTR and provided- All workers/CSHK staff shall possess the qualification Railway Safety Induction (R</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SI).</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- All workers/CSHK staff can only smoke at the designated smoking area.- The approved method statement and EDOC (with Chinese version) shall be displaworkersreference.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yed on si</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 8.2 Construction Sequence</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The construction sequence for the installation of the site entrance and level crossing fo7 and Gate A is as follows:1.Erect a temporarychain link fence at the south roadto enclose the constructi</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">r Gate 6, on area </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 2. Divert the existing watermain below the site entrance to provide access from thto the work area</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e South </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. Installation of height gauge at south road side4. Remove the existing fence locally to form the site entrance.5. Construct the level crossing across the test track</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6. Install the 2m height roller gauge and connect to the height gauge7. Construct the cross-track duct below the Test Track</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8. Installation of height gauge at test track side9. Remove the temporary chain link fence</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The detailed construction method and sequence are shown as follows.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.2.1 Erect the 2.3m Temporary Chain Link Fence with Access Gate at South The location of the proposed access gates TT06, TT07 and TT0A will be set out cleartemporary chain link fence will be installed to fence off the work area. The chain link fe</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roadly on site.nce will b</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mounted on the South Road and secured with precast concrete blocks lifted into positcrane lorry. This will then provide the 15m long and 3m wide work area needed for thediversion, the setup as shown in Figure 8.2.1-1.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ion with a waterma</td>
</tr></table>

This document is controlled in soft copy.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 11 of 34

chopped with a red control stamp 

<!-- *  -->

<!-- 11 8 km/h  -->

Figure 8.2.1-1 Erect the 2.3m Temporary Chain Link Fence with Access Gate at South Road for Gate 6, Gate 7 and Gate A

The sequence for erecting the temporary chain link fence and access is as follows

## 1. Set out the locations of proposed Gates TT06, TT07 and TTOA

2. Lift 5nos. of 1m x 1m x 1m concrete blocks on to the south road which requires the south road to be fenced off during the lifting operation. Approval will be obtained from the Depot area, as shown in Figure 8.2.1-2. If necessary, the lifting works can be suspended and the road returned to MTR/other parties within 5 minutes if needed.

45 Ton Crane Lorry

<!-- FRSSI F455A.2.23 N K HR 腹密物应应：  -->

10m distance: 4.135ton*0.8 safety factor=3.3ton W11

(lifting supervisor should supervise the lifting operation)

10m Radius

Concrete block

Temporary fence off South Road Temporary fence off South Road

Traffic Controller Traffic Controller South Road


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Footpath Existing FenceTest Track</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AEL/TCL</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Existing FenceFigure 8.2.1-2 Temporary Chain Link Fence Lifting Arrangement</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in softcopy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 12 of 34chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

3. After erecting the concrete block, the 2.3m height PFC steel will be installed on each concrete block. The 2.3m chain link fence will be fixed on the PFC steel by bolt and nut with the edge of the chain link fence connected to the existing RP fence as shown in Figure 8.2.1-3.The access gate will be installed at each temporary chain link fence and the gate locked by padlock and C-smart lock and the key kept by CSHK and MTR. 

**Figure 8.2.1-3 Connection Details of Temporary Chain Link Fence and Existing RP Fence** 

4. CCTV and C-smart facilities (under separate submission) will be installed at the temporary chain link fence for real time monitoring.

The layout plan and TTA for the temporary fence at the South Road is shown in Figure 8.2.1-4, with traffic use maintained on the south road.

**Figure 8.2.1-4**  **TTA after erection of the**  **Temporary Fence at South Road** 

### 8.2.2 Temp. diversion of the existing watermain to the underground area to provide the access from South Road to work area

The existing watermain is located along the existing fence adjacent to the South Road as shown in Figure 8.2.2-1.

This watermain is planned to be diverted to AB23 by Contractor 1732 by April 2024, however CSHK intend to maintain this route for our temporary water supply. The water main will be diverted below ground locally at each site entrance by removal of the existing concrete road surface and reinstatement after completion of the diversion works.

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 13 of 34

chopped with a red control stamp 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Figure 8.2.2-1 Watermain along the fence at South Road</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The sequence for the watermain diversion is as follows:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">⚫ Before carrying out excavation works, UU detection (Under separate submission) is to be carried out by a CP, and a permit to dig issued.⚫ A pre-job briefing is required to be given prior to the commencement of works between the CP(T), WPIC, workers and Site Engineer for the excavation work⚫ Saw cut the road surface to be removed using a road saw or sthil saw.⚫ Remove the concrete road surface using a backhoe with breaker and excavate a 200mm wide ,500mm deep and 8m long trench. 20mm Plywood protection board will be installed on the existing RP fence. ⚫ Compact the ground by vibration platre and install the watermain in the trench. ⚫ Inform MTR/Depot, Temporary shutdown the existing watermain ⚫ Cut the existing watermain and connect the existing and new watermain.⚫ Backfill and compact sand on top of the diverted watermain and place a 150mm wide, 6mm thick steel protection plate on top of the sand.⚫ Backfill and compact with 100mm thick granular subbase⚫ Place steel mesh and concrete the reinstatement of the pavement. The concrete grade is 40/20D, thickness is 250mm and shall be placed manually.8.2.3 Erect the height gauge</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The footing of the height gauge will sit at the existing ground level with the steel frame installed on the footing by bolt and nut. The arrangement for the height gauge is shown in Figure 8.2.3-1 with the construction sequence shown in Figures 8.2.3-2 to 8.2.3-4. Once installed, a temporary chain link fence will be installed to close the gap between the existing fence and the height gauge frame. </td>
</tr></table>

## 3.8m Height x7m Width

Concrete Block 1(H)x1(W)x2.1(L)

Size(C30D/20)

<!-- PP Connection Between beam and post: 6mm P Hegt Gouge Choar Wion PHo Conerate Biock Widh Cureete Biock Longin  -->

Reinforcement T12-150 T1, T2,B1, B2

Steel Beam&Post 203x203x60 UC

(S355)

Base Plate (S275) 550x550x20

Bolt (cast-in) 4nos. M20 8.8 Bolt

Embed 700mm

Base Plate 6mm AIl Round

Welding

(220N/mm2)

Figure 8.2.3-1-Sketch and Size of Height Gauge

<!-- JIB FROM LORRY CRANE 2-LEGGED CHAIN SUING CAST-IN HOOK AS LIFTING POINT WORKER  -->

<!-- JIB FROM LORRY CRANE 2-LEGGED CHAIN SLING CAST-IN HOOK AS LIFTING POINT WORKER Step 2:Lift up concrete block to upright position  -->

Step 1:Attach LALG upon anchor hook of concrete block

<!-- JIB FROM LORRY CRANE Z-LEGGED CHAIN SUING CAST-IN HOOK AS LIFTING POINT WORKER  -->

Step 3:Lower down concrete block

Figure 8.2.3-2-Construction Sequence for Height Gauge Footing- Step1 to 3

<!-- WEBBING SUNG/CHAIN SLING STEEL POST EXISTING FENCING TAGUINE(7m) Step 1:Steel Post Lifting  -->

<!-- WEBBING SLNG/CHAIN SLING STEEL POST EXISTING FENCNG TAGLNE(7m) Step 2:Steel Post Lowering  -->

<!-- WEBBING SLING/CHAIN SLNG STEEL POST EXISTING FENCING WORKER  -->

<!-- WEBBING SLING/CHAIN SLING WORKER STEEL POST EXISTING FENCING CHERRY PICKER  -->

Step 3:Steel Post Fixing Step 4:LALG Unrigging

<!-- TWO-LEGGED CHAN SLNG /WEBBNG SUNG STEEL BEAM  -->

<!-- JB FROM LORRY CRANE TWO-LECGED CHAN SUNG /WEBBING SLNG WORKER CARRIES OUT STEA BEAM AERAL PLATFORM  -->

Step 1:Steel Beam Lifting Step 2:Steel Beam Bolt Joint Fiing

Figure 8.2.3-3-Construction Sequence for Height Gauge steel post-Step1 and 4

**Figure 8.2.3-4**  **–**  **Construction Sequence for Height Gauge**  **steel beam and signboard**  **–**  **Step1to 5** 

After diverting the watermain, a 7m long section of the existing fence will be removed as shown in Figure 8.2.4-1. Prior to starting the removal work, the WPIC/CP(T) shall inform MTR/DYM with workers positioned in the south road and not required to access the test track. After removal of the existing RP fence, MTR/DYM approval access the work area is required.

<!-- Figure 8.2.4-1 Remove the existing RP Fence  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 17 of 34</td>
</tr></table>

### 8.2.5 Construct the level crossing on test track

As the test track is a live track, installation of the level crossings will be carried out during NPH, with the planned schedule as follow, The working schedule will be subjected to the final coordination and confirmation with Depot Yard master:


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Schedule of Installation of Level Crossing for Test Track at NPH</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Works </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation works, deliver material and prepare for work at South Road</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">09:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prework briefing to workers </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CP(T) report to TC/DYM to obtain authorization to set up </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10:30 a.m. to 10:45 a.m.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possession of test track </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11:00 a.m. to 11:10 a.m.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temporary fence off the working area and move in materials </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11:10 a.m. to 11:30a.m.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Start installation work at level crossing </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11:30 a.m. to 2:20 p.m.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inspect installed works for satisfactory fixity and safety, clean up the site area, remove material and tools from test track. Remove temporary fence and carry out final checking before leaving site.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2:20 p.m. to 2:50 p.m.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leave Site </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2:50 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.</td>
</tr></table>

Structural guage checking of the level crossing installation shall be carried out and submitted for MTR approval before installation. For details refer to the Structural guage submission.

**Installation**  **Process**  **for Level Crossing -**  **Manual installation:** 

• The existing cable trough along test track will be covered with a 6mm steel plate on top of the cable trough for protection

• A Forklift (height of forklift is less than 3.3m) as shown in Figure 8.2.5-1: will be used to assist the delivery and installation of the level crossing 

• approx. 4 - 6 workers will be deployed to ensure an effective and smooth installation process

### 8.2.5-1 Installation level crossing with Forklift 

• Clean the sleepers and rails and check the sleeper spacing with a tape measure.

• Level the ballast

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 18 of 34

chopped with a red control stamp 

<!-- 1  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To facilitate ease of installation, brush the rail foot, and innoSTRAIL panels with lubricant*after cleaning them first. (Image 1).Insert the shift protectors. The shift protectors' clasp around the sleeper from above. (Image2) The division bar in the middle protrudes from two innoSTRAIL panels and thus preventsthe panel rows from shifting.12To avoid excessive abrasive wear, the shift protectors should not be positioned directlyunderneath main tracks (rut) but between them.When installing the first two inner and outer panels always start in the middle and from therecontinue to the right and left side. (Image 3)3</td>
</tr></table>

• Push the panel edge of inner panels underneath the rail head using the innoSTRAIL installation lever*. (Image 4). Please note an excavator cannot be used to press the panels together due to the OHL constraint. (Image 5).

• (For reference the weight of the innoSTRAIL inner panel: 255kg/Piece or 284kg/m; outer panel: 85kg/Piece or 95kg/m. A forklift will be used for the placement of panels before fixing instead of a Grab Lorry)

• During the installation process and when interlocking the tie rods, release possible tension by continuously knocking onto the panel surface with a plastic sledge hammer.

• Screw together with the designated tie rods (middle piece, marked in red). Always make sure that the panels are interlocked evenly and without gaps.

• Check the position of the first two screwed panels with a track angle and correct it if necessary with a plastic sledge hammer (90° degrees to the rail). (Image 6)

• Install the next two inner and outer panels. Join these two panels with a plastic sledge hammer

• and screw together with tie rods. 

• For outer panel, the concrete pavement as shown in image 7 shall be placed prior to installing the outer panel. A polyethylene membrane will be placed on top of the existing ballast with A393 steel mesh and cast the grade 40/20D concrete pavement by manual handling

• Between the outer panel and the concrete pavement, as well as between the longitudinal joints of the concrete pavement, a permanent elastic joint sealant or a tape must be applied (Image 7) 

• Install the end restraint or tie rod for each end piece.

STRAIL STRAILastic STRAIL

## Section View

DIRECT ROAD CONNECTION


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">South Road</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">approx.180o mm cut back recommended.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Top edge of road connection approx 3-5 mm above top edge of outer panel.IOK-Band or elastic joint sealing recommended.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Existing Concrete pavement</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concrete Outer Panel ofpavement Level Crossing</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image 7</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Existing Ballast</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Figure 8.2.5-2 below shows the completed Level Crossing.

Figure 8.2.5-2 Completion of Level Crossing across theTest Track

### 8.2.6 Erect the 2m height roller gauge and connect to the height gauge

Finally, an 2m height roller access gate will be erected, sample as shown in Figure 8.2.6-1. The access gate will be locked by padlock and C-smart lock and the key kept by CSHK and MTR. MTR will be informed each time the access gates need to be opened.

Figure 8.2.6-1 2m Height Roller Gauge

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 21 of 34

chopped with a red control stamp

