
<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000137</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Resurfacing of Asphalt Road at Elevated Shun Long Road (Fast Lane)</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-P.D</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">712</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andy Lim</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/Brian Wong</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa/Cheung SiuHong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SSO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/AQM</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 Jan 2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 28 Jun 2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 Jme 2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 Jun 2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WL Yew</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M.ryeewa.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ae</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James-Ma/IrisHo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/MarkMcGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28Jm204</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 Jun 2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING(HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 19chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

CONTENT

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3.Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

### 4.Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

### 5. Programme and Working Hours

### 6. Plant, Equipment & Material

7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

## 8. Safety

### 9. Environmental

## 10. Quality Control

## 11. Appendices


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 2 of 21</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">In accordance with Project Managers Instruction (PMI) No. 12 resurfacing of the friction course ofthe elevated Shun Long Road fast lane is required as requested by the Highways department(HyD).A total length of 4Om of friction course is to resurfaced as shown in Figure 1 below.The resurfacingwork will be carried out during night closures of both the slow and fast lanes of Shun Long Road withtraffic diverted in accordance with the approved TTA scheme. The re-surfacing of the slow lane willbe undertaken at a later stage and will be subject to a separate method statement submission. Thismethod statement describes the method and sequence of the re-surfacing of the friction course andwearing course for the fast lane only as well as the implementation of the associated TTM. The re-surfacing work is outside of the SHD Operational Areas (OAs).East : West, to kowloon side 5.89 SF-VM2bridge Abutment Water filled barriers5.32 (Existing TTM SchemeNOLAH-006A)8.99PB2 PB2 PB2 PB2 PB2 PR2 PB2 PB2SF-BS19.15 8.928.72 8.54 8.24 Slow Lane 7.83LOW Elevated Shun Long Road SF-VM3 SF-SP2 SF-GS3Fast Lane9.35 9.158.95 .78 8.61 3(to be re-surfaced) 8.07BF T2PB1 PB1 -PB1 PB1 PB1 PB1 $P B 1$ PB1- $- P B 1 -$SF-8S229.1m10.9m VFast laneJoint betweenbridge & Abutment北大嶼山公路8Figure.1 Road area to be re-surfaced</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 3 of 21

chopped with a red control stamp


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">- RD/GN/002B Bulk Sampling of Bituminous Materials- RD/GN/022 Mix Design of Bituminous Materials.- RD/GN/032A Guidance Notes on Road Surface Requirements for Expressways and High-Speed Roads- RD/GN/039B Guidance Notes on Preservation of Bituminous Carriageway- RD/GN/018A Specification for Minor Bituminous Pavement Works Construction- CEDD General Specification Volume 1 Section 9- TD Transport planning and design manual </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works will be carried out by our subcontractor and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineers. In addition, a WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site/ work-front. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="20"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Company </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="17">CSHK </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Martin Wong </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lewis Ng </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Section Agent</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">David Lam </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andy Lim </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sam Tsang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky Luo </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Wenguang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kinsley Zhao </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Man Hin </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graduate Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Justin Lee </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graduate Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheung Siu Kei </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Superintendent (WPIC)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benny Yeung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ng Tsz Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky To </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chan Man Hin </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 4 of 21</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="3">The planned commencement date of the re-surfacing work for Shun Load Road is mid July 20the actual start date will be confirmed subject to the issuance of an approved CNP or EO.To minimize disturbance to the public, the resurfacing works will be carried out from 22:006:00. CSHK will check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit or EO requirement.The planned Night work timeline to be followed is shown in Appendix H.Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)All plant and equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they argood working condition and comply with all current regulations.The major plant and equipment to be deployed to carry out the works are as follows: -</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="22"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="15"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Asphalt Pavers (thermal patcher) </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cold Planers </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Road Roller </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Road Wash </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Road Washing Truck </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Dump Truck </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Tack coat Heater </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Truck Mounted Attenuator </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Crane Lorry </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Saw-cut </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mechanical breaker </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Flashing Arrow Sign (FAS) </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Road washer </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Grab lorry </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Road paving workers (include operators) </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">10</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Traffic controller </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Banksman </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">General labour </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Rigger </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7. </td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="2">Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings7.1 Preparation work before TTM ImplementationPrior to commencement of the re-surfacing work, preparation of the road closure and TTM plarequired. As per the TTM plan (refer to appendix C), temporary road signage is to be installed several existing signs leading from the Sky City Interchange to be modified. To maximize the availworking hours for the road re-surfacing work, all temporary signage will be installed in advance ofroad closure and covered by black plastic sheet which will be removed as the TTA is installed.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 5 of 21</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In this TTM scheme, the entire length of the elevated Shun Long Road Westbound to Kowloon will beclosed from 22:00 to 06:00. During this closure all traffic from Chek Lap Kok road towards Kowloon will be diverted to the Eastbound carriageway of the Lantau Highway to Tung Chung East Interchangeto then turn back onto the Westbound carriageway towards Kowloon. The existing TTA water filled barrier at the existing site entrance on Shun Long Road may be partially removed to allow formobilization of plant during the works. The TTM water filled barrier will be reinstated prior to re-opening of the road.Figure.2 Extracted from Appendix C – TTM drawings 1701/NOLAH/008A-RFriction course and wearing course to be re-surfaced, thickness of each layer to be removed as per as-built drawingFigure.3 Existing TTM site entrance on Elevated Shun Long Road</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 6 of 21</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2 TTM ImplementationFigure.4 Road closure arrangementThe closure of Shun Long Road will commence at 22:30 subject to acceptable traffic flows to allow the road closure to be implemented. All temporary signage shall be uncovered by 22:30. A TrafficMounted Attenuator (TMA) with FAS will be positioned at the front of the merge point of the road, as shown in the above sketch, to protect the workers during placing of the traffic cone to implement the road closure. A traffic marshall will be provided to guide the road user to the diversion route. Implementation of the TTA road closure is planned to be complete by 23:00. Traffic Marshalls will open the cones locally at the road closure to allow construction vehicles to enter the works site. Figure.5 Road closure arrangement (cont.)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 7 of 21</td>
</tr></table>

## 7.3 Resurfacing work

From 23:00 to 05:00, re-surfacing work will be carried out on the elevated Shun Long Road. The work comprises of the following steps:

Step 1: Set out of the extent of the asphalt to be removed, starting 10.9m east of the bridge abutment for a length of 40m west (refer to figure.1 for details) The full width of the fast lane from the existing parapet to the road centre line shall be removed in accordance with the relevant guidance note.

Step 2: Mobilize all the asphalt plant inside the existing TTM entrance near W1.

<!--   Figure.6 Site entrance on W1 existing TTM at Elevated Shun Long Road  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 8 of 21</td>
</tr></table>

Step 3: Cold Planer to mill down the 30 mm thk. friction course and 45\~50mm wearing course. The horizonal, longitudinal and lapping joint will be saw-cut and broke. A road washing truck will clean out all the bituminous debris prior to application of the tack coat.

Figure.7 & 8 Hyd as-built detail for asphalt at Elevated Shun Long Road; Cold Planer

Step 4: Asphalt workers will mark out the wearing course and finishing level of the road as per the as-built level provided by Hyd. Tack coat must be applied evenly on the base course and concrete profile barrier / parapet which will be in-contact with the bitumen to ensure bonding of the bitumen.

<!--         M.J              -->

Figure.9 & 10 As-built level at Elevated Shun Long Road; Tack coat application

Step 5: Load the paving machine with bitumen and check the temperature of the fresh bitumen as laid prior to compaction (for the temperature required at laying for the polymer modified friction course and wearing course, refer to the manufacturers specification). The paver shall lay in one direction with the loading truck in front, laying of east to west is preferred. The level of the wearing course can by adjusted using the paver screed. Each run will cover the full width of a single lane. The longitudinal joint shall be formed coincident with the location of the white lining. Bulk samples shall be taken from the loading truck directly for testing. Core sample is not required for PMFC, required for wearing course with minimum 2 nos. as required from Hyd.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This dAny hchopp</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ocument is controlled in soft copy.ard copies seen are uncontrolled unlessed with a red control stamp </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Page 9 of 21</td>
</tr></table>

Step 6: The wearing course will be compacted by a vibratory tandem steel-wheeled roller with a mass between 6T to 12T in the longitudinal direction. For PMFC, a pneumatic-tyre roller shall not be used for compaction. Where the bitumen is laid adjacent to kerbs, covers and frames where rollers cannot operate effectively, these areas shall be compacted using hand-operated mechanical compaction 

Figure.11 & 1 vibratory tandem steel-roller and paving machine

Step 7: After compaction of the wearing course is completed, repeat the laying and compaction steps for polymer modified friction course. Tack coat is not required between wearing & friction course if the laying is within a few hours, as stated in RN/GN/039 p.19.

Step 8: Road marking team set out the road marking on road. Reinstatement of road marking shall refer to the Transport Planning & Design Manual Volume 3 clause 5.4.2.3. For a speed limit of 70km/h or more, RM1102 shall be used for the middle lane line marking. For the hard shoulder, RM1109 shall be used. Road studs to be reinstated as per figure.13.

<!--               -->

Figure.13 RM detail with road stud, extracted from TRANSPORT PLANNING AND DESIGN MANUAL


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 10 of 21</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Step 9:Final inspection of the road before removal of TTM.Step 10: As-built readings taken for reinstated friction road at day-time.7.4 Road openingAfter the bitumen and road marking are complete, site clearance and inspection will be conducted tocheck and remove any leftover objects or debris which may jeopardize the trafic users. A final cleanof the road using the road brush will be completed prior to re-opening the roadNo TTM teams will be used to remove the TTM and temporary signage. Once the TTM is removed,the signage can be reinstated or removed. The road will be re-opened at 05:00.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety(Risk Assessments)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities.Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow.The Construction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation andmake adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe andamicable working environment.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Works will be carried out during on overnight road closure of Shun Long Road from 22:30 to 05:00,provisionally scheduled to commence on Friday 12th July 2024. The works will only be carried outwhen the CNP or EO for the road re-surfacing at the elevated Shun Long Road is granted.- ULSD diesel will be used in all PME.- Plant with QPME label will be employed, if available.- All chemicals will be placed on drip trays.- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit(EP)/ EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the requiredworks standards / acceptance criteria are defined inthe method statement, inspection & test plans,and are communicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works.Day to day routineinspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers andForeman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of thesedocuments.Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Planwith "Hold Points" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further.The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will idntify all Hold Points and Witness Points.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 11 of 21chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and / or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A – Risk AssessmentAppendix B – Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)Appendix C – Temporary Traffic Management (TTM) for Road Closure on Elevated Shun Long RoadAppendix D – As-built Drawing of Elevated Shun Long RoadAppendix E – Extend of the area to be re-surfaced on Elevated Shun Long RoadAppendix F – Emergency Contact ListAppendix G – Contingency PlanAppendix H – Run Down for Resurfacing Work</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 12 of 21</td>
</tr></table>

