<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000240</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site Clearance and Water Filled Barrier erection at W1</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Johnson Chung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KF Leung/WK Hui</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa/WH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Manager/Safety Officer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Manager/Quality Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2215124</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2215124</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2215124</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">h tu</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">g</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">\~ng</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma/lris Ho</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wai Lun Yeung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/Mark McGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positin:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Env.Manager/Env.Offieer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-5-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-5-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-5-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/5/24</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- *  -->

CONTENT

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3. Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

### 4. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

### 5. Programme and Working Hours

### 6. Plant, Equipment & Material

7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

## 8. Safety

## 9. Environmental

## 10.Quality Control

11.Appendices

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">This document provides an overview of the method statement for the execution of site clearance work atW1.The general working procedure includes weed removal and water filled barrier erection.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Hong Kong Transport Services Unit Railway Safety RulesMTRCL Working Paper No.6-Railway Protection-Revision B-December 2022·MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-(S2) Scoe-Vol 4 (Book 4 of 9)Appendix AM-Clients Rules and Procedures for Working Within or Adjacent to the Railway·MTRCL Contract 17-1 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works - Instructions TO Tenders, and·MTRCL Contract 1701 Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works-Contract Data</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works will be carried out by our direct labour and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman andengineer. In addition, a WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="12"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works.The following persons, as listed in thetable below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Company</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="9">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lewis Ng</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Section Agent</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Johnson Chung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">David Lam</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Man Hin Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Grad. Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kinsley Zhao</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benny Yeung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky To</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The major site works are targeted to commence in Mar 2024 and be completed by April 2024. The generalworking hours wil be from 08:00-19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be necessaryto carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays if required by the progress of theworks subject to an approved CNP being obtained.</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- couce  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司couceCHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 3 of 12chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="12"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">All plant and equipment will be inspected prior to mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good workingcondition and comply with all current regulations.The major plant and equipment to be deployed to carry out the works are as follow:-</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant/Equipment</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crane Lorry</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3T backhoe</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rigger</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Banksman</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skilled labour</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crane operator</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Construction Methods/Construction Sequence Drawings</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.1 Scope of this method statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">---81181 1182424383C N30.1001 A11AA1A T 815 1183m1c82428110A-8128288811C814M241$1 1 2 \div 1$</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">General layout for W1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">W1 area is shown above. As it is outside the existing railway fencing area and fully enclosed, it's not classifiedas an Operational Area and we propose that workers working in this Works Area are not required to haveobtained RSI training.Due to the large amount of vegetation, workers will be deployed to clear the weeds and bushes beforeerection of the water filled barriers. If it is found that there are existing trees to be felled, MTR/RailwayProtection shall be informed in advance. If there is risk affecting the safe operation of the Railway, it may benecessary to carry out tree removal during NTH of the Railway with MTR/Railway Protection in attendance.7.2.1 Labour Access to W1All workers will be picked up from a designated area such as Tung Chung Station. As workers board the shuttlebus, hand-held facial recognition will be performed to verify the worker's qualification. The facial recognition</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->

system will check if the person has passed the RSI and possesses a green card. A list of workers shall be submitted to MTR for registration before the start of works and shall be updated weekly and available for MTR as requested.All workers shall wear PPE and the standard uniform for easy recognition by security guards and the YM.

<!-- Shun Long Road. Site Access Works Area Depot Access Road  -->

Labour and Plant Access from Slip Road

Reflective Vest （MTR Approved Type）反光衣（港鐵指定款）

<!-- 辨別安全帽之颜色 Identify the color of the safety helmet 普通工人 General Workar （蓝色） (Blue) 管理人員 Management 碼员／號員 （红色） (Red)  -->

<!-- Contract 1701 中国建工程（有公司 分判商Contractor： 姓名Name： 綠卡號碼Green Card no.： MTR COMO2B MTR RS 人民 Sie Indurtion Traiing H1xpiry ae  -->

Template of Label for Safety Helmet Identify the color for the Safety Helmet

Workers of Uniform and PPE

Details of the site general logistics are provided in the Security and Traffic Management Plan under separate submission.

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 5 of 12chopped with a red control stamp

A temporary welfare facility will be set up at W1 which will be covered by a separate method statement.There will be 2 temporary toilets at the area and CSHK will delivery of lunch boxes to the W1 works area daily.

### 7.2.1 Plant Access to W1

A 3T backhoe will be mobilised to carry out the site clearance works which includes removing the weeds and garbage. A Banksman will supervise all plant movement to prevent any damage to the RP fencing.The weeds near the track area will be removed as soon as possible to mitigate any fire risk within close proximity to the railway. All removed vegetation will be temporarily stored at theskip near the gate access. Water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation and reduce fire risks. Firefighting equipment will also be provided for each front. To remove the cleared vegetation and garbage off site, CSHK will arrange a grab lorry to collect and dispose accordingly.Height checking for crane lorry will be conducted on site before lifting.

<!-- Crane Lorry: EFFER 955/9S 10m radius 6.33Tx0.8=5.06T>3T backhoe (RUNIWOUT) NORTH LANTAU HIGHWAY Lifting plan for W1  -->

<!-- FRSSI F455A.2.23 Headroom: 9m 1000 1x0 45T Rear Crane Lorry@10m radius 2.95 6.10 3.05 10.05 4.135T x 0.8T=3.3T>3T of backhoe With Height <5m, headroom 7m-9m OK!  -->

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 6 of 12

chopped with a red control stamp

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

<!-- ЖMTR  -->

Contract 1701-Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Schematic lifting section for under Shun Long Road

<!-- For delivery/unkoading of exctor by cranloIn the Method Statement together with other essential elements of atinting Plan. Operation Monwal shall be referred for the rigzingpoints of individal plant,upplier may be approched,as necessary. 使用機運送／轮載機，應在施工方案及吊運計劃中清雙明相情，包括理碼位置 不同機械之理碼位置應參照相操作手册，必要時可向供應商查 Lifting Points of 3T backhoe  -->

## 7.3 Water filled Barrier erection

After removal of the vegetation, water filled barriers will be erected along the RP fencing to act as buffer between the works area for future site works.

<!-- Water filled barriers x - 又 - Set up and layout of water filled barriers  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">xWater filled barriers- -又Set up and layout of water filled barriers</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The barrier shall be placed in alternate red and write colours and connected together such that they are clearlyvisible from the construction site by day and night. The water barriers shall be filled to the maximum waterlevel according to the operating instructions of the manufacturer. As W1 is segregated from other works area,we will use a water truck or bowser to deliver the water for filling.Water f ild ld hl d abutment torotect the existi structures</td>
</tr></table>

Water filled barriers would also surround the column and abutment to protect the existing structures.

To prevent unauthorised access onto the live Operating Railway area by using the water filled barriers as a means of access, the water filled barriers shall be fixed at least 2m away from the existing Railway Fence.

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Set up and layout of water filled barriers</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety(Risk Assessments)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safetyprocedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow.The Construction TeamLeader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to theactual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- General works shall be carried out during normal hours from 0800 to 1900. No works will be carried outafter 1900 on weekdays, Sundays and public holiday without approval construction noise permit.- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site.- ULSD diesel will be used in all PME.- QPME plant will be deployed if available- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP)/EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works,the methods of working and the required worksstandards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement, inspection & test plans, and arecommunicated to relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of theworks will be carried out by the Constuction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, toensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents.Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with "HoldPoints" at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further.Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works bythe CSHK's project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Pointsand Witness Points.Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and /or test records are to be prepared to indicatewhether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained andkept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A-Risk AssessmentAppendix B- Catalogue for 3T backhoeAppendix C-Emergency Contact List</td>
</tr></table>

