
<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000174</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000613</td>
</tr></table>

EDOC for Provision of Electricity Supply to

Stoves and Associated Works-ABWF, BS

# and Modification of existing LV Switchboard

Works

Description:

With reference to HAZOP Meeting dated 25-March-2024, we herewith enclosed the EDOC application for provision of electricity supply to stoves and associated works -ABWF, BS and modification of existing LV switchboard works for your review.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revision</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reviewed by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">B</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23/05/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">儿</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ellale</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MaxsonWong</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hobby Leung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max Leung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman /Mark McGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BS Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deputy BSManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EngineeringManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProjectDirector</td>
</tr></table>

Engineering Document for Works

Part A

Engineering Works No:  ZCH20243


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Change History </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue/Rev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reason for Change </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">First Draft for Comment </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">09/04/2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/0 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">First Formal Issue </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23/05/2024</td>
</tr></table>

Part B

1. F1 No.  [Not applied to Project Work]

2. C&R Works No.  [Not applied to Project Work]

3. Baseline Programmei  Proposed milestone dates are as follows:


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing & Commissioning</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Completion </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Actions (Refer to Item 19)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apr 2024 to Jun 2024(tentatively)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jun 2024 (tentatively)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jun 2024 (tentatively)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jun 2024 (tentatively)</td>
</tr></table>

## 4. Description of works

## 4.1 Title  Contract 1701 - Provision of Electricity Supply to Stoves and Associated Works – ABWF, BS and Modification of existing LV Switchboard Works

### 4.2 Reason 

The purpose of the work is to provides the electrical provision at existing SHD canteen, enable replacement of existing Towngas appliances with electric stoves. It involves some BS Works to facilitate the power supply for refurbishment of existing kitchen appliance as well as ABWF works including form wall and slab opening and reinstatement works after BS installation.

## 4.3 Description  1701 Contractor will provide electrical provision at Existing SHD Canteen including to provide the new cables with associated cable containment.

From the existing LV switch room to the power provisions of the new kitchen equipment of the canteen as per latest approved method statement under 1701 CSF: 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000178, 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000128 and 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000260.

A. Preparation Work

Priority to commencement of the works, initial site conditional surveys for both E&M and builder’s works will be conducted to identify the cable routing, wall partition materials and any concealed conduits inside the wall. 

Existing Depot’s stocks and materials to be coordinated with related parties and moved away from the working area temporary during the Renovation works period. Existing equipment to be covered with protective materials (e.g. polyethylene tarps, canvas, etc.) and the working area will be fenced off with barriers.

B. ABWF Works Involved:

2.1 LV Switch Room (Room No. 8.27) in Ground Floor

Figure 5 – Part Plan of G/F, Room 8.27

- Erection of metal scaffolding/working platform for installation of cable tray and cable laying works. (see Figure 5)

- Protection will be provided in Room 8.27 during the floor coring works in Room 8.36 at level UG/F

2.2 Top Level (UG/F) of Room 8.36

- Protect the existing cable and equipment by fire retarded cover;

- Modification works to the existing curb;

- Formation of floor opening on slab and wall opening on drywall;

- Reinstatement of floor and wall opening after cabling works completed

## 2.3 Canteen Area at 1/F

- Working area to be fenced off;

- To form temporary openings on existing wall panels for enabling BS’s cabling installation works. (See Figure 6)

<!-- A 11  -->

Figure 6 – Part Plan of 1/F, Canteen Area

2.4 Kitchen Dry Store Room at 1/F

- Fence-off the working area with protection.

- Formation of Wall Opening on Drywall and RC wall;

- Temporary blank off wall openings with fire rated board and fire sealant;

# - Reinstatement of wall opening after cabling works completed

Figure 8 – Part Plan to Kitchen Dry Store at 1/F

2.5 Kitchen Area at 1/F

- Fence-off the working area with protection; 

- Formation of Wall Opening on Drywall and Opening on False Ceiling;

- Temporary blank off wall openings with fire rated board and fire sealant.

# - Reinstatement of wall opening after cabling works completed

-

C. BS Works Invloved:

## 3.1 Power Supply Cable Laying and Cable Containment Installation

Two nos. of 300mm2 XLPE/SWA/LSHF cable will be provided for the power distribution from new fuse switch panel adjacent to LVSB MSB2.2 at LV Switch Room to MCCB board located at 1/F Kitchen Dry Store. The cables will be terminated at newly installed 400A fused switches respectively for power supply fed from fuse switch panel in G/F Room 8.27 LV Switch Room and started running at existing cable riser up to upper ground floor (UG/F) and turn to dining area high level toward to steel deck. The cable containment will be mounted on existing structural steel frame. The following sketches and photos indicated the proposed cable routing in RED.

Figure 9 - Layout of LV Switch Room (Room No. 8.27) at Ground Floor

<!-- New Fuse  Switch Panel  -->

Figure 10 – Fuse Switch Panel Location at LV Switch Room 8.27

Contract 1701 - Provision of Electricity Supply to Stoves and Associated Works – ABWF, BS and Modification of Existing LV Switchboard Works Issue/Rev. 1/0

<!-- Wall opening by  Civil, Cable pass  through wall to  canteen dining area Size: 250(W) x 150(H) Slab opening by Civil,  Cable from below LV  switch room 8.27 to  wall opening Size: 250(W) x 150(H)  -->

Figure 13 - Cable Riser at UG/F

<!-- Wall Opening  by CivilCable F/B at  cable riser Cable run on new cable  tray connected to  existing cable tray Cable run on  existing cable tray Figure 14 - Layout of Cable Routing at First Floor  -->

<!-- Cable run on new  cable tray above  floor level ~4.5m  -->

Figure 15 - Proposed Cable Routing at Canteen Dining Area

<!-- To steel deck  -->

Figure 16 - Proposed Cable Routing at Canteen Dining Area

<!-- Figure 17 - Layout of Kitchen and Store at UG/F  -->

Figure 18 - Existing Cable Tray at Steel Deck

Figure 19 - Dry Store inside Kitchen

The following listed summary of the equipment and location.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Location </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equipment</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dry Store </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- MCCB Boards</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kitchen Area </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- Isolating Switches</td>
</tr></table>

Contract 1701 - Provision of Electricity Supply to Stoves and Associated Works – ABWF, BS and Modification of Existing LV Switchboard Works Issue/Rev. 1/0

Proposed isolators location

Proposed isolators location

Figures 20-21 – Proposed Location of Isolator Installation in Kitchen

## 3.2 Cable Termination on Modified LV switchboard

Since there are two nos. 300mm2 XLPE/ SWA/LSHF which will be terminated to the Panel 12 of MSB2.2 of modified LV switchboard for power supply to kitchen as below diagram. The power suspension is required during the cable termination on MSB2.2 of modified LV switchboard.

Figure 23 - Part of Single Line Busbar Diagram

Figure 24 - Elevation of LV Switchboard MSB2.2

## 3.3 Procedure of Cable Termination

I. The cables prior to being cut, appropriate tail length of cables shall be remained for terminated at the fuse switch panel next to switchboard MSB-2.2.

## II. The cables will be top entry of fuse switch panel’s rear compartment and properly gland on top of panel.

## III. The cables sheath shall be clasped by a gland with a compression washer which will hold the cable sheath securely.

## IV. The termination of the cable conductors shall be crimpled by cable lug with a hydraulic crimping tool.

## V. The cables connected to the designated busbar by bolts & nuts.

D. Existting LV Switchboard Modification Works Invloved:

The existing LV switchboard was planned to modify part of riser busbar for the connection of new busbar containment on power supply to new fuse switch panel. The works are split into two parts – A. new fuse switch panel & busbar installation: and B. Existing LV switchboard of busbar modification and connection to busbar in Part A.

Prior to commencement of the works, initial site conditional surveys for E&M works will be conducted to identify the cable routing, wall partition materials and any concealed conduits inside the wall.

Existing Depot’s stocks and materials to be coordinated with related parties and moved away from the working area temporary during the Renovation works period. Existing equipment to be covered with protective materials (e.g. polyethylene tarps, canvas, etc.) and the working area will be fenced off with barriers.

### 1. Installation of New Fuse Switch Panel

In order to sufficiently cater the power supply of new electric kitchen stoves and appliances, a new fuse switch panel will be installed and new fuse switches for aforesaid equipment in kitchen will be installed on that panel. The new fuse switch panel is pre-fabricated in factory, which can be easily installed in Room 8.27 – LV Switch Room with simple fixing works. The energisation of the new fuse switch panel will be carried out upon the installation and prompt testing of new busbar section connecting from existing Panel 12 of MSB-2.2 which to be indicated in specific part below. 2 nos. of 400A fuse switch will also be installed in this panel as the power points of new electric kitchen appliances.

Since the installation work of new fuse switch panel does not require power interruption, the work, hence, could be carried out at the daytime.

### 1.1 Procedure of New Fuse Switch Panel Installation

a. Approval shall be obtained prior to work in SHD

b. Working area of the work will be fenced off to prevent unauthorised entry.

c. Perform pre-work briefing to all related personnel for introduction of work to be carried out and safety issues in advance.

d. Work commences. The fuse switch panel and new busbar section will be moved from temporary storage area into the designated location in LV Switch Room, then fix the panel for further busbar and cable termination.

e. Install the new busbar section between MSB-2.2 and new fuse switch panel. The termination is to be carried out upon switchboard modification.

f. check and confirm that no foreign object is left inside the panel cubicle in advance after the installation work.

g. Complete works and leave LV Switch Room.

### 2. Modification and Extension of Busbar

A new section of busbar will be extended to the new fuse switch panel from Panel 12 of existing LV switchboard MSB-2.2. A new spur will be modified from existing 2000A riser busbar inside Panel 12, the new busbar section connecting the new spur inside Panel 12 and fuse switch panel adjacent to Panel 12 will be installed afterwards. The new busbar section will be fully enclosed in the ceiling-mounted trunking, no live part to be exposed.

### 2.1 Procedure of Busbar Modification

a. Site work team arrive at SHD for preparation, all relevant permits should be granted and issued correspondingly prior to work commencement.

b. Report duty to Yard Master regarding the works to obtain approval to work in Depot during Non-traffic Hour of the day (NTH).

c. Perform pre-work briefing to all related personnel for introduction of work to be carried out and safety issues in advance.

d. Ready for works in Room 8.27 LV Switch Room, working area in the room will be fenced off to prevent unauthorised entry.

e. Work commences when NTH starts. Shut down the outgoing fuse switches on non-essential side one-by-one, then confirm with PSC to switch off the corresponding ACBs under remote control for power isolation.

f. Open the rear cover of Panel 12 and carry out isolation test to make sure the power supply is completely isolated, then draw-out and padlock the switches to prevent re-energisation during works.

g. Remove existing busbar and install new riser busbar inside Panel 12 of MSB-2.2 to cater the busbar extension.

h. Connect and terminate the busbar between 2000A riser in Panel 12 and new fuse switch panel adjacent to Panel 12.

Carry out function tests (e.g. megger test, Ductor Test, Torque Wrench Test, continuity test, insulation test, etc.) to ensure the correct termination of new busbar.

## i. Enclose all the busbar connection and termination points and reinstate the rear cover of Panel 12 of MSB-2.2, check and confirm that no foreign object is left inside the panel cubicle in advance after the installation work.

j. Resume the power supply by confirming with PSC to switch on the incoming and section ACBs under remote control. Observation of power supply condition after power resumption shall be taken afterwards.

## k. Leave and lock the switch room after work and power supply resumption without leaving tools and equipment. Cancel the work permits and report to Yard Master regarding the work completion.

After inspection and testing of new fuse switch panel and busbar section, energisation will be conducted and that the power cables connecting to electric appliances in SHD Kitchen will be terminated to the fuse switches once ready. After cable termination, testing will be carried out as well to ensure the normal power supply to the aforesaid equipment.

## Testing for Work Completion

After the modification works are completed, T&C would be carried out to ensure the proper installation and termination of switchboard and fuse switch panel before official energization. Tests to be conducted for T&C refer to step i.) of Procedure of Busbar Modification.

Once T&C result is accepted, WR1 certificate shall be issued by REW as the proof of works completion. The new fuse switches should thus be remained off and padlocked until the outgoing sub-circuit between fuse switch panel and MCCB boards installed in 1/F Kitchen Dry Store can be terminated and energized.

E. Resources for ABWF Works

# The followings are the resources for the ABWF works:


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coring Machine</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metal Scaffold</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ladder Platform</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tarpaulin</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vacuum Cleaner</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wall Scanner / Cover meter</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Soft water plastic pipes and plastic buckets </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hand held electric tools such as grinder, screw driver, drill etc.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wooden Protection Board</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polythene sheet</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials (If required)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gypsum Board</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cement Board</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rockwool</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F.R.R. Panel</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-shrink grout</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F.R.R. Sealant</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cement, sand, screed</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wall Paint</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tile</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tile Adhesive</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tile Grout</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicone Sealant</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scaffolder </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Labour </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer / Foreman </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr></table>

F. Resources for E&M Works

The followings are the resources for the E&M works:


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical drill and screwdriver</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical cutter</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Portable task lighting</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring tape</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chain-block for cabling work</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conduit bender</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metal working platform </td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation Material</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400A MCCB Board (10-way and 12-way)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63A TPN isolator</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20A DP isolator</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fuse spur unit</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G.I Conduit</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metal trunking and tray</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adaptable boxes</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U-channel</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screw, bolt and nuts</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Armoured cable</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-core cable</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scaffolder CP </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electricians + REW (Grade B) </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cabling workers </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer / Foreman </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr></table>

Resources and Equipment for LV switchboard Modification.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation Material</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fuse switch panel (with 400A fuse switches)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Busbar and associated accessories</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trunking and associated containment for busbar</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screw, bolt and nuts</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manpower </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switchboard Worker </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switchboard worker (REW Grade C)For connection of busbar at NTH</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site Supervisor </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer / Foreman </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td>
</tr></table>

G. Supervision and Operation

All works will be supervised by a CP(NT) from the Contractors and is for leading the Contractors Operation team on-site. All workers should take the MTR safety course regarding working adjacent to live MTR track. CP(NT)/foremen must ensure all worker leaving the work area after each working session.

### 4.5 Category  [Not applied to Project Work]

4.6 In-house/Contract  Contract 1701

### 4.7 Estimated Cost  State the cost centre and estimated costs of labour and materials for the works OR a referral to relevant contract document with such details]

### 4.8 Nature  Trial project carried out by HKTS Business Yes  No

Unit and costing &#36;4.5M or above

If yes, please attach the SMART Success Criteria for Trial

[Template can be obtained via the link below

http://opinfomall.corp.mtrc.com/dept_T&ES/tes_admin/other%20files /smart%20success%20criteria%20for%20trials.docx]

### 5. Name and Title of Responsible Parties


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design Manager / Chief Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Controller / Project Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Implementer / Senior Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintainer / Asset Owner</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FK WongChief Construction Manager-BS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ryan SiuSenior Construction Manager-BS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ryan SiuSenior Construction Manager-BS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barry TsuiSenior Depot Manager -SHD</td>
</tr></table>

### 6. Implication on Safety

• Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s)ii  Yes   No If no, please provide justification.

Not applicable, no safety critical system involved

<!--    -->

 Yes  No

• Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change Assessment Formiii is completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)If no, please provide justification.

Not applicable, no safety critical system involved

• Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate iv [Specific Safety  Yes   No Related System(s)] 

ii The list of Safety Critical Systems (SCS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

iv The list of Safety Related Systems (SRS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers. Independent safety review on operation and control, as well as signalling interface, shall be deployed for i) PSD and APG (automatic sliding door), ii) Floodgate and iii) MGF.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LV Switchboard Works</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"> Issue/Rev. 1/0</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Confirming ISR Requirement fChange Assessment Formvis c</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">or Safety Related System Related  ompleted (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If no, please provide justificatio</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not applicable, no PSD & AP</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G involved</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Affecting Signal Sighting (ref. If yes, please specify</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P/OD/SMS/028) </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Affecting maintenance or operarelated Application Conditions Requirements (SOR)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tional requirements e.g. Safety- (SRAC) / Safe Operating </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If yes, please specify in Section Submission of a paper to SAFT</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 19.ECvi </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If yes, please specify the paper accepted by SAFTEC </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">number and if the paper has been </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> A HAZOP has been carried outhazards relevant to modificatioexisting operations were identif</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> on 25-Mar-2024 to identified n works, no hazards affecting ied.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!--    -->

v For modification work on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related System], Project Controller of C&R work shall complete the assessment form. E4 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

vi Refer to SAFTEC ToR in Operations Knowledge Mall, submission of a paper to SAFTEC is required for engineering work involving:-

• application of new technology;

• modifications to approved technical standards on operational / occupational / system safety (including deviations from approved technical standards);

• improvement on safety of the railway and other prescribed businesses in Hong Kong by mitigating R1 / R2 hazards; or

• modification which may induce high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance

1. CP(T) or CP (NT) shall be full time looking after the railway safety and report to the Depot Control Centre daily before and after the construction works. Full-time supervision shall be carried out by MTR Project Team under the approved MS during the construction work. Trucks and workers shall be restricted to use a designated route as delivery and worker’s pedestrian route within the site which shall be further agreed with the SHD Manager / YM.

2. No construction works shall be carried out within 3.0m from the nearest railway track alignment. 

### 3. Proper safety barriers shall be erected to demarcate the work site from the railway area.

### 4. Proper personal protective equipment shall be employed while carrying out of works.

5. Designated works area shall be fenced off by proper safety barriers with warning notices and shall be securely fastened together to prevent unauthorized entry. The detailed safety measures shall be specified in the method statement.

6. All workers shall receive Railway Safety Induction training and follow Railway Safety Rules (RSR).

### 7. Detailed method statement of the erection of fencing/hoarding for existing equipment and facilities with risk assessment will be developed to mitigate the risk of all hazardous site activities. The detailed method statement shall be submitted to SHD Manager & Railway Protection for comment before work commencement.

### 8. The contractor’s person-in-charge (CPIC) shall be present at the work site at all times of work.The responsible person shall ensure that all sources of ignition are removed, all power supplies are isolated, and the work site is in a safe condition before leaving the site.

### 7. Implication on Fire Safety

<!--    -->

• Affecting / modifying on Fire Safety System(s)  Yes   No

### 1. Smoking is not permitted on site.

### 2. Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited.

### 3. Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping.

### 4. Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each workfront with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment (part 5 below).

5. Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures.

• Implication to existing Fire Service Installations (FSIs)  Yes  No

# Example to implication:

- Obstructions to the existing active FSIsvii, including but not limited to sprinklers, detectors, hose reels, smoke curtain, natural smoke vent, some extraction outlet etc.

If yes, please provide the justification to demonstrate the compliance of statutory requirement.

## 8. Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work

vii Refer to M&W Standards for the definition of obstruction.

1. S/EM-fss/MW/04(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Sprinkler System - Clause 10.10 & 10.17.

2. S/EM-fss/MW/03(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Fire Hydrant / Hose Reel System - Clause 7.1, 10.1, 11.13 & 11.14.

3. S/EM-fss/MW/02(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Automatic Fire Alarm and Detection System - Clause 4.1.10 to 4.1.13.

Contract 1701 - Provision of Electricity Supply to Stoves and Associated Works – ABWF, BS and Modification of Existing LV Switchboard Works Issue/Rev. 1/0

1. Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation’s railway safety rules and procedures.

2. CP(T) or CP (NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for works carried out inside operating railway premises.

3. The CWBU’s CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.

## 9. Implication on Operating Procedures

Not Applicable.

## 10. Statutory Submissions

Are there any statutory submissions  Yes   No

If yes, please state the details:

WR1 & WR1A and Form 5 for scaffolding

[State any submission/approval dates and consequences of non-approval by external statutory parties]

## 11. Design Capacity / Design Limitviii

N/A

## 12. Electromagnetic Compatibility

No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.

## 13. Implementation, Inspection, Testing or Commissioning Instruction

[Specify the procedures for implementation, inspection, testing or commissioning the system/equipment of the works OR a referral to relevant contract document with such detai

13.1 Testing on main and submain cable is required, mega test, insulation test will carry out to follow EMSD requirement.

Permit-to-work system will be implemented before site work started. No isolation works is required under this EDOC submission.

## 13.2 Permit-to-work before works start will be endorsed and agreed with CWBU CM team. Once the works get permitted, its allow physical installation on site. Also, OP304 (Permit to work (Low Voltage Fixed Installation)) for the works involving power isolation and resume.

## 13.3 Safety independent check [is/is not *] required for the installation, T&C in this modification.No safety critical system will be affected under this works.

viii Refer to P/OD/AMS/015 for the definition, use and updating of design limits.

13.4 On-Site Design Verification [is/is not *] required after Testing and Commissioning for the installation of this modification,

The design has been approved period the actual site work, such that on site design verification is not required. Also, the installation works should follow EMSD COP guideline and inspected, tested, witness with 1701 CM team make sure to follow approved design drawing.

## 14. Design Standards / Manuals / Procedures / References

Works to be designed and constructed to comply with the latest requirement of: -

• Contract 1701 Scope of Work

• MTR New Work Design Standard Manual (NWDSM)

• MTR Operation Division Safety Requirement and Information for Contractors

• Operation Division Railway Safety Rule

• Approved method statement

• Code of Practice for Metal Scaffolding Safety;

• Cap 59I Construction Site (Safety) Regulations 

• Cap 59S Protection of Eyes Regulation

• Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Manual Handling) 

• Code of Practice for the Electricity (Wiring) Regulations (2020 Edition), EMSD

• “Rule & Procedures for Working within or adjacent to the Railway”, “Railway Safety Rules” and “Safety Requirements and Information for Contractor”

• The Factories and Industrial Undertaking Construction Site (Safety) Regulations of the Hong Kong Special Administration Region 

• The Factories and Industrial Undertaking (Electricity) Regulations of the Hong Kong Special Administration Region 

A Guide to the Factories and Industrial Undertaking Ordinance (Section 6A & 6B) from the Labour Department of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region

## 15. Environmental Management

The Contractor shall follow all requirements and conditions set on Environmental Permit (EP 588/2021) issued by EPD. All construction waste, dust and noise will be controlled during construction.

## 16. Configuration Management

Not applicable

## 17. Application to New Extension Projects

Not applicable

18. Other Concerns / Instructions

Prior to site construction, the Contractor shall conduct site survey, route verification and measurement.

19. Impact of the works (Please mark the appropriate check box)

[State any concerns (other than those mentioned in other parts of this EDOC) that this test, trial or modification may have]

Contract 1701 - Provision of Electricity Supply to Stoves and Associated Works – ABWF, BS and Modification of Existing LV Switchboard Works Issue/Rev. 1/0


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Impact on </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsible Parties(Name & Title)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actions Required</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operations Manuals / Procedures </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701 CM Team </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701 CM Team</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintenance Manuals / Procedures / Work Instructions/ Schedules</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spare parts catalogues and stock levels</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfaced Systems </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawings, and schematic and wiring diagram if applicable</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701 CM team </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approve shop drawing by 1701 CM team and submit as built to HKTS CAD Team</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Training for staff </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Registration of new assetsix </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701 CM TeamThomas PopSr. Construction Engineer-BS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCCB Board will be new asset to record in system</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.8 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Any other related matters (please specify)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

20. Incoming Goods Inspection (IGI) Requirements

⚫ The contractor will be responsible for the inspection of all material prior to the installation on site.

## 21. FMECA

[FMECA is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:

• Change to a SCS / introduce a new SCS

• Change to PSD/APG/MGF/floodgate [Specific SRS]

• Affecting or Interface with SCS

• Act as measures to mitigate R1/ R2 hazards

• Change to C1/ C2 systems / equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 system / equipment

• Introduce a new design (i.e. new hardware or change to hardware / modify a hardware involving non-standard design)

• Redundancy for systems on controlling / carrying / supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

• Change to a revenue-critical equipment or introduce a new revenue-critical equipment

• Change to P-Way systems/equipmentxi or interface with P-Way systems/equipment

ix Remind Project Controller and/or Lead Maintainer to register the new assets according to CGI 239 and Asset Registration guideline.

<!--    -->

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items Yes  No If no, please provide justification.

## 22. Concept of Design (ConDes)

ConDesxii is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:

• SCS Design Change

• Design change for PSD, APG, MGF and floodgate [Specific SRS]

• Change to C1/C2 systems/equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 systems / equipment

• Redundancy for systems on controlling/ supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

• Modification affecting track adhesion performance / rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity

• New design affecting inter-system interface

• Application of technology that is newly introduced in MTR

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items? If yes,  Yes   No please attach the ConDes to this EDoc. If no, please provide justification4.

## 23. Safety Impact of Trackside Equipment Installation – SG Infringement

23.1 Is the gauging and clearance assessment required according to  Yes No P/OD/AMS/041?

If no, please provide justification.

Not applicable, the fix installation not at trackside

23.2 Is the clearance requirement compiled with the requirement in S/NT-  Yes No Saf/DS/01(01)? 

If no, please state the endorsed SAFTEC Paper number and/or approved Operations Engineering Standard (OES) Waiver Request number which has/have been obtained.

## 23.3 State whether the trackside installation of fixed equipment with  Yes No potential hazardxiii of Structure Gauge (SG) infringement during operations and maintenance.

If yes, please quote the hazard log reference and/or the ASRisk ID.

# If no, please provide justification.

Not applicable, the fix installation not at trackside

xi Involving high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance. 

xii Project Definition Documents such as Service Requirement Document (SRD), Functional Requirement Manual (FRM) might be used as a substitute to ConDes. 

24. New / Modified Trackside Installation in EAL

Is earth/equipotential bond required to add or modify on the traction return No rail?

If yes, please seek approval from EAL Bonding Review Working Group xiv (EALBRWG) and attached the endorsed form as record.

If no, please provide justification.

Not applicable, the fix installation is not related to trackside

xiii The potential gauge infringement hazards during operations and maintenance, include operation/working condition and potential failure impacts on the systems, equipment or facilities.

xiv For EAL bonding application form, applicant shall seek MM-S&T EAL.

Approval List for Works Requiring EDOC Approval

(Engineering Works No. : ZCH20243 )


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name & Title </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by(Designer or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thomas PopSr. ConE-BS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by(Design Manager or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ryan SiuSr. Construction Manager-BS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by2 (GM-PP&D(O) or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Taky ChanChief Project Plan & Dev Manager (Operations)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by 3(On behalf of CCB)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved and authorised by 6(Design Manager from HKTS only)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by 4 1(Design Manager or CCM from CWBU / HKPBU)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FK WongChief Construction Manager-BS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Independent Checked by 5(COAM / SOSoAM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 8(Lead T&ES Representative)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patrick NgLead Civil & Stn Fac Engg Mgr</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Authorised by 7(CSE(Ops) or COES&I)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HK ChanChief of Ops Engg Serv & InnoSimon TangDGM-Technical & Asset Engg</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 9(Maintainer)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barry TsuiSenior Depot Manager - SHD</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 10(Asset Owner)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barry TsuiSenior Depot Manager - SHD</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 11(Head of Line Group Management /HTO or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

