
<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000089</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000434</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.-</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Early Watermain Diversion in Western Depot</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kingsley Zhao</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/HuiWai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa/WH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssistantEngineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE-</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-Jun-24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-Jun-24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Jun-24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Jun-24</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLYewrs</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">g</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma/IrisHo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/MarkMcGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Jun-24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">구-Jun-24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Ju-24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Ja-24</td>
</tr></table>

CONTENT

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3.Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

### 4.Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

### 5. Programme and Working Hours

### 6. Plant, Equipment & Material

7. Construction Methods / Construction Sequence

## 8. Safety

## 9. Environmental

## 10. Quality Control

## 11. Appendices


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 2 of 28</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Introduction (Overview of the operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">This method statement describes the methodology and sequence of work for the diversion of the existing water mains including fresh, flushing and cleansing water, in order to provide sufficient working area without disruption to the existing water supply to the Depot. There are two stages ofdiversion work described under this method statement. The first stage is the diversion work completed before the installation of the temporary RP fencing along the West Depot Entry Track where the existing mains are required to be removed or diverted to allow piling work to proceed, i.e. Works Area W12, AB11 and NDB08. The second stage shows the arrangement of the watermainsafter the RP fencing has been installed. The details of each stage are described herein.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reference Documents (Identify relevant documents by name and reference number)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">- Scope of Works for Contract 1701- General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited -2022)- Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works- Materials and Workmanship Specification for Building Services (NEC)- Manual of Main laying Practice (2012 Edition) by WSD</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works will be carried out by our subcontractor, Wing Wo, and supervised by our front-line staff such as foreman and engineer. We will also provide full time CP(T) (Railway Safety Rules andRequirements) on site with 1 CP(T) appointed for every 20 workers at each work area. All workers shall be RSI trained as the diversion works are required to be undertaken within Operation Areas(OA). In addition, a WPIC will be assigned to supervise the construction works at each work site.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="13"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect, supervise and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Company </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="10">CSHK </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ng Chun Wah </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Section Agent</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sam Tsang </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li Man Hin </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graduate Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kingsley Zhao </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assistant Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheung Siu Kei </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Superintendent (WPIC)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benny Yeung </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jacky To </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TBC </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CP(T)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours (Start & finish date of operation/works)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The works are planned to commence from June 2024 at the earliest. The general working hours will be from 08:00 – 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be necessary to </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 3 of 28</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 on Sunday and Public Holidays in case of essential speeding up of the works. CSHK will check internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit Requirement.For works that require access to the operational Depot track or Test track the working hours will be non-peak hours (NPH) from 11:00am to 15:00pm or non-traffic hours (NTH) from 02:00am to 04:00am subject to coordination with the Depot Yard Master and an approved track access booking on ETMS.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Plant, Equipment & Material (Identify type, model and specification of MAJOR plant & equipment)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">All plant and equipment will be inspected prior to mobilization on site to ensure that they are in good working condition and comply with all current regulations.The major plant and equipment to be deployed to carry out the works are as follows: -</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant / Equipment </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3T Backhoe/ Excavator </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50T Crane Lorry </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Grab Lorry </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saw Cut Machine </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hand-Held Electric Breaker </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The actual plant and equipment used will be subject to the site condition. </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7. </td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Construction Methods / Construction Sequence Drawings</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1. Preparatory WorkAll site investigation and diversion work to the existing watermains must be carried out with care. The condition of the existing underground utilities may need further clarification with MTR and other Contractors if they are unknown. As parts of the existing watermain are close to theoperating railway an approved EDOC is required to be issued for works in the OA to ensure no interruption to the operation of the depot, test track and barging point at any time. Access to and through the site shall be in accordance with the Traffic and Security Management Plan submitted separately. 2. Statutory Submission- Submit WWO 542 before commencement of any plumbing works.- Submit WWO 046 PartⅠ& Ⅱ to WSD to report commencement of works.- Submit WWO 046 Part Ⅳ to WSD for reporting of completion of diverted mains.3. Stage 1 Watermain Diversion 3.1 Existing Facilities and Building As shown on the Contract Drawings for the ‘Plumbing Services Demolish and Migration Plan Stage 1’ and from site inspection, the existing watermain alignment is shown in Figure 7.3.1.and in Appendix C</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 4 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

Figure 7.3.1 - Alignment of Existing Watermain and Facilities in Western Depot

To facilitate our planned diversion of the existing watermain in Works Area W12 and as required under the Contract Scope, the existing Water Meter Building (AB28) and associated E&M facilities are to be removed (under separate submission). The removal work shall be further coordinated with the Depot and an approved EDOC for the removal works is required (to be submitted separately). A temporary water meter (Figure 7.3.2) will be installed near AB25 before removal of AB28.

### Figure 7.3.2 - Temporary Water Meter

A temporary water tank will be provided to supply water to AB24 (existing west train wash facility) before removal of the existing water tank adjacent to AB24. The size/ volume of the new water tank shall be same as the existing one. As the temporary water tank is located further from AB24 the connecting pipework will be of an increased length, therefore the existing water flow rate must be maintained to ensure normal functioning of AB24. The design of the water supply shall be made under separate submission. The proposed location 

of the temporary water tank is shown in Figure 7.3.3. Installation work shall be in accordance with the following sequence:

- Lift the temporary water tank to the proposed location (refer to Appendix F for the lifting plan).

- Connect the temporary watermain to the temporary water tank.

 Turn off the main water valve of the Depot and disconnect the existing water pipe currently feeding AB24. Then, connect the temporary watermain from the temporary water tank to AB24. The arrangement for this change-over work is described in section

### 3.3.1 Change-Over of Pipe.

Lift the existing water tank for removal off site using the crane lorry as shown in Appendix F. 

Figure 7.3.3 – Proposed Location of Temporary Water Tank


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 6 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- *MTR  -->

## 3.2 Stage 1, Step 1-Installation of Temporary Watermain (refer to Appendix C for playout plans)

The temporary water supply shall be provided from the existing 700mm WSD water main located at the proposed Tai Ho Interchange (THI). All pipework material shall refer to Figure 7.3.4.

PIPEWORK MATERIAL SCHEDULE


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYSTEM</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DESCRIPT[ON</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SIZE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MATERIAL</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="8">FRESH WATERORPOTABLEWATER(CW)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">INCOMING PIPE FROMTOWN MAIN TO WATER METER</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65mm AND BELOW</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COPPER TUBE TO BSEN 1057 R250 FITTINGS TOBS 864 : PART 2. TABLE 6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80mm AND ABDVE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DUCTILE IRON PIPE AND FITTINGS WITH INTERNALCEMENT LINING AND EXTERNAL METAILLIC ZINC ANDBITUMEN COATED TO BSEN 545 CLASS K12 OR ABOVE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">INFEED PIPE FROMWATER METER TO SUMP TANK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65mm AND BELOW</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COPPER TUBE TO BSEN 1057 R250 FITTINGS TOBS 864 : PART 2, TABLE 6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80mm AND ABDVE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DUCTILE IRON PIPE AND FITTINGS WITH INTERNALCEMENT LINING AND EXTERNAL METAILLIC ZINC ANDBITUMEN COATED TO BSEN 545 CLASS K12 OR ABDVE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DISTRIBUTION PIPE ANDDOWNFEED PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COPPER TUBE TO BSEN 1057 R250.FITTINGS TO BS 864 : PART 2, TABLE 6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HOT WATER PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLASTIC COATED W[TH AIR GAP INSULATED COPPER TUBETO BSEN 1057 TABLE 3 CLASS Y. FITTING TO BS 864:PART 2, TABLE 6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OVERFLOW PIPE, DRAINPIPE AND WARNING PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U.P.V.C.PIPE TO BS 3505 CLASS E,</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENT PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COPPER TUBE TO BSEN 1057 R250.FITTINGS TO BS 864 : PART 2, TABLE 6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="6">SALT WATERORFLUSHINGWATER(FL)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">INCOMING PIPE FROMTOWN MAIN TO CHECKMETER POSITION</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65mm AND BELOW</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U.P.V.C. PIPE TO BS 3505 CLASS E,WITH FITTINGS TO BS 4346 : PART 1 & 2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80mm AND ABDVE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DUCTILE IRON PIPE AND FITTINGS WITH INTERNALCEMENT LINING AND EXTERNAL METAILLIC ZINC ANDBITUMEN COATED TO BSEN 545 CLASS K12 OR ABOVE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="2">INFEED PIPE FROMCHECK METER POSITIONTO SUMP TANK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65mm AND BELOW</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U.P.V.C. PIPE TO BS 3505 CLASS E,WITH FITTINGS TO BS 4346: PART 1 & 2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80mm AND ABOVE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DUCTILE IRON PIPE AND FITTINGS WITH INTERNALCEMENT LINING AND EXTERNAL METAILLIC ZINC ANDBITUMEN COATED TO BSEN 545 CLASS K12 OR ABOVE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DISTRIBUTION PIPE ANDDOWNFEED PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U.P.V.C. PIPE TO BS 3505 CLASS E.WITH FITTINGS TO BS 4346: PART 1 & 2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OVERFLOW PIPE, DRAINPIPE AND VENT PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U.P.V.C PIPE TO BS 3505 CLASS E</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CLEANSINGWATER(CL)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INFEED PIPE FROMWATER METERTO SUMP TANK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COPPER TUBE TO BSEN 1057 R250FITTINGS TO BS 864 : PART 2. TABLE 6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DISTRIBUTION PIPE &DOWNFEED PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COPPER TUBE TO BSEN 1057 R250FITTINGS TO BS 864 : PART 2, TABLE 6</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OVERFLOW PIPE, DRAINPIPE AND WARNING PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UPVC PIPE TO BS 3505 CLASS E</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENT PIPE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL SIZES</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COPPER TUBE TO BSEN 1057 R250,FITTINGS TO BS 864 : PART 2, TABLE 6</td>
</tr></table>

Figure 7.3.4-Pipework Material Schedule


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 7 of 28chopped with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- and Appendix C.       -->

Figure 7.3.5 - Stage 1 Watermain Diversion Alignment

1 x 80mm diameter FL pipe and 1 x 150mm diameter CW pipe will be installed (Figure 7.3.5) for all parts of Section 1. The water pipes will be laid above ground from THI (Connection Point 1) to the south side of the depot access road first. When crossing the depot access road from the south side to the north, the water pipes will be laid below ground. After crossing the depot access road, the water pipes will be laid above the road kerb along the north side of the depot access road to the depot west entry (shown as a solid line in Section 1). Figure 7.3.6 shows the details of this arrangement.The water pipes will then be laid below ground crossing the main depot road to W3B. A temporary water meter will be installed near the existing west gatehouse. A cabinet with a pad lock will be installed to protect the temporary water meter. The watermains after crossing the main depot road will be laid above ground to the temporary water meter then to Connection Point 2.

Figure 7.3.6 - Temporary Watermains along the North Side of the Depot Access Road


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 8 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

Watermains Installed below Ground

Figure 7.3.7 - Watermains Installed below Ground

The Part A and Part B of Section 1 and the Part C of Section 3 watermains (shown as the dashed lines in Figure 7.3.7 and Appendix C) will be laid below ground as they shall cross the roads. An approximate 0.5m wide, 1m deep pipe trench shall be excavated for these parts of pipework. For Part A and Part B details are shown in Figure 7.3.8. For Part 3 details refer to Figure 7.3.9. TTM is provided in Appendix G.

Figure 7.3.8 - Typical Section for Part A and Part B Pipe Trenches

Figure 7.3.9 - Typical Section for Part C Pipe Trench


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 9 of 28</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipe Trench Excavation Works (up to 1.2m deep)Preparation Work:- UU detection must be carried out by the CP prior to the commencement of excavation work to the location of all existing services are known to prevent any incidents or damage to the existing UU’s (under separate submission).- A “Permit to Dig” system is implemented to ensure that the excavation work carried out on site complies with all requirements concerning the protection of underground services.- The existing concrete / bitumen road surface shall be saw-cut before concrete breaking by hand tools.- To ensure all workers carrying out the pipe trench excavation works are fully informed of the risks and the control measures, a Pre-job Briefing will beconducted between the Site Engineer, CP(T) and the workers before operation commences.Trench Excavation:- Set out the location of the pipe trench.- Fence off the works area by traffic cones and set up warning signs.- The concrete / bitumen surface shall be saw-cut before concrete breaking by electrical hand-held tools.- If necessary, the excavator or other plant and equipment will be deployed to remove the existing concrete and hard material for removal of the road paving or any obstruction to pit excavation.- Excavate the pipe trench.- Excavated materials from the pipe trench shall be temporarily stockpiled at designated areas as shown in Figure 7.3.8 and Figure 7.3.9, and covered by tarpaulin sheets to avoid the generation of dust under strong wind condition and avoid rainwater seepage.- The pipe trench will be covered with steel plate - The pipe trench shall be backfilled with sand to the bottom of the existing concrete paving. And the concrete paving which has been removed for the excavation shall be reinstated with 40/20D grade concrete under separate material submission. The thickness of the concrete paving shall match the existing condition as per the as-built information previously recorded.- For concreting work, we shall adopt the traffic cone set up as shown in Appendix G with the same TTA arrangement. The concrete pour shall be conducted within the fence off area. One traffic lane shall be provided during the concrete pour which demonstrate no obstruction of traffic. The concrete truck shall access from the West Gate and reinstate all pipe trenches under the approved TTA in the same working shift.⚫ Section 2A section of the existing watermain crossing the West Wash Plant Road and the West Level Crossing to AB11/South Road will be retained for use at this stage. For the supply to AB22 via the West Level Crossing, there is an existing 40mm diameter FLwatermain in current use. Therefore, a temporary 50mm diameter CL pipe and 50mm diameter CW pipe will be provided at this stage and installed above ground level up to the west level crossing</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 10 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

⚫ Section 3

In order to maintain water supply to AB24, the watermains shall first be connected to the new temporary water tank and extended to AB24. A 32mm diameter CW pipe, 40mm diameter FL pipe and 50mm diameter CL pipe will be laid above ground for Section 3. The pipes crossing the existing depot road (dashed line of section 3) will be installed below ground with the remainder (solid line) installed above ground. The detail for this pipe trench is shown in Section A – A of Figure 7.3.8. The pipe trench shall be demarcated with traffic cones and covered with a 40mm thick steel plate at the end of each works shift. The TTA plan is in Appendix G.

⚫ Section 4 

In W11G, a 40mm diameter FL pipe and 20mm diameter CL pipe will be laid above ground for Section 4 to supply water to AB11. The existing watermain passing below the West level crossing will be maintained. The new water pipes installed in Section 4 will be fixed to the concrete block of the temporary RP fencing with an omega bracket fixing, keeping at least 50mm from the edge of the block (refer to Figure 7.3.10).

Figure 7.3.10 - Watermain Placement for Stage 1

3.3 Stage 1, Step 2 – Removal of Existing Watermain 

### 3.3.1 Change-Over of Pipe

The temporary watermains installed in Step 1 shall be connected to the existing watermains that are to be retained. The change-over work will be conducted on a Saturday and expected to take approximately half a day to complete. The water supply for the western depot would be cut off during the change-over work. The stand by water trucks will be provided if required. The envisaged schedule is shown in Table 1. 

Table 1


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connection Point </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point 1 & 2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Week 1 after commencement of the work</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point 3 & 4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Week 3 after commencement of the work</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point 5 (if required) </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Week 4 after commencement of the work</td>
</tr></table>

The procedure of the change-over work shall be as follows:

- Mark the existing watermain to be removed with labels to ensure the correct main is disconnected.

- Fence off the disconnection work area with plastic barriers - Shutdown of water supply:

Close the zone control valve to suspend/ isolate the water in the network following the approved shut down period which shall be agreed in advance with the Depot. 

Cut/ disconnect the existing water pipes that need to be removed.

Connect the temporary water pipes with the existing water pipes that are to be retained.

- Open the zone control valve and allow the network to pressurize.- Check for leakage.

### 3.3.2 Removal of Disconnected Watermains

Disconnected water pipes will be removed off site. The removal work may be undertaken during a separate work shift after completion of the change-over work. 

Above-ground Watermains:

Provide proper PPE, such as reflective vest, safety shoes, safety helmet,goggles etc. to all workers.

- A pre-job briefing shall be given prior to the commencement of works by the CP and Site Engineer to the workers for removal work.

## - Enclose the working area with red plastic barriers and warning sign

- Break up the concrete support plinths by hand-held electric breaker.

- Cut the disconnected water pipes into sections for the removal.

- Remove the dismantled water pipes and concrete fragments by grab lorry.The logistic plan in Appendix H refers.

Below-ground Watermains:

For water pipes laid to a depth not exceeding 1.2 meters, the excavation work for the pipe removal shall be conducted according to Pipe Trench (within 1.2m in depth) described in section 3.2. If the depth exceeds 1.2m, the trench shall be supported using the shoring details shown Appendix I as approved under separate method statement for excavation work and a TW4 Permit to Load issued.The concrete support or thrust blocks of the below ground watermains will be broken and removed. The excavated pipe trench shall be backfilled to existing ground level with sand after completion of the water pipe removal. If any concrete paving has been removed for the excavation, the pipe trench shall be backfilled with sand and reinstated with 40/20D grade concrete under separate material submission. The thickness shall match the existing condition as per the as-built information previously recorded.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 12 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- The alignment of the stage 2 temporary watermain is shown in Figure 7.4.1.   -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="4">⚫ SecA 3be l40m⚫ SecTo laid⚫ SecAfteanddem</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Figure 7.4.1 - tion 52mm diameter CW aid above ground im diameter FL wattion 6providecleansing </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stage 2 Watermain pipe, 40mm diametn Section 5 to allowermain.water for temporary</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diversion Alignmener FL pipe and 50m removal of Section UFWL, a 28mm d</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tm diameter CL pip 2 including the exiiameter CL pipew</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> .tion 7r the installation of  fixed on the RP olished.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">the 7m high RP fefencing (Figure 7.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ncing, the Section 74.2 refers) after w</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">  watermain shall behich Section 4 wi</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Figure 7.4.2 - Watermain Placement for Stage 2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 13 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

Figure 7.4.3 - HV Cable Diversion Layout Plan

For both Stages 1 and 2 new water pipes will be laid in advance to shorten the change-over time as much as possible. The working procedure for the change-over the new and existing watermain during stage 2 shall also refer to 3.3 Step 2 – Removal of Existing Watermain.

Table 2


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connection Point </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point 1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Completed during Stage 1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point 2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Completed during Stage 1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point a & b </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Week 1 after commencement of the work at Stage 2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point c </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Week 2 after commencement of the work at Stage 2</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 14 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

## 5. Pipe Fixing/ Support

For water pipes laid onto hard pavement the fixing detail shall follow Figure 7.5.1.

Figure 7.5.1 - Water Pipe on Hard Pavement

For water pipes laid above soil the fixing detail shall follow Figure 7.5.2.

Figure 7.5.2 - Details of Pipe Support for onto Hard Paving Installation

For 80mm diameter and above water pipes bend block shall be applied referring to Figure 7.5.3.

Figure 7.5.2 - Details of Bend Block

## 6. Hydraulic Pressure Test

A final pressure test shall be carried out for the whole completed pipework. In the case of pipelines 

with tee branches or changes in size, the test shall be carried out with the main pipes. Wat


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 15 of 28</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mains laid should be designed to withstand 1.5 times the maximum static head (water pressure) and shall be tested to this pressure. The hydraulic test record should be forwarded to WSD and copied to MTR for record.7. Swabbing Test- Swabbing should be carried out to remove dirt and materials inadvertently left in the pipeline.- If the pipeline is intended to carry potable water, it should be disinfected by completely filling with water that has been dosed with a homogeneous solution of chloride of lime (or sodium hypochlorite solution) such that the final concentration of free chorine in the water is at least 30 ppm. The water shall be left in the pipeline for at least 24 hours. The pipeline should be drained down and flushed thoroughly with potable water, until the concentration of the remaining chlorine is less than 1 ppm. Water samples will then be taken for bacteriological, metal, physical and chemical analyses. The pipeline can only be put into service after the test results are found to be satisfactory.8. Watermains Sterilisation & Water Sampling- After the pressure test on fresh water and potable water pipelines for water supply pipelines have been completed, samples of the water in the pipeline and the fresh water supply point will be taken and tested by an accredited laboratory provided by the Contractor. The number of samples and locations of sampling shall be as instructed by the Supervisor. - The colour, odour, appearance, turbidity, conductivity and pH value of the water samples shall be of a quality comparable with that drawn from the supply point and acceptable for potable water.- The wash water from sterilisation of pipeline should be diverted to the sump pit and pumped to a partition tank for adequate treatment before discharging to the public drainage system.- Water sampling and associated testing shall be carried out by commercial HOKLAS or equivalent accredited laboratories as accepted by the Supervisor.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety (Risk Assessments)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specific safety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow. The Construction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and make adjustment according to the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicable working environment.General Site SafetyWith reference to the Project Safety Plan, the following items need to be instituted through the course of the works described within this method statement.1 Site Specific Safety Induction Training CourseAll workers will attend the Site Specific Safety Induction Training Course conducted by the Safety Officer. The Safety Officer will explain all necessary health and safety requirements and the use of PPE. Emphasis will be placed on site specific safety hazard and risk management.</td>
</tr></table>

2 Site Specific Safety Issues


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 16 of 28</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- Before the commencement of the work, the Site Agent/ Engineer/ Foreman in charge will provide specific method statement and work procedures training on the safe work method and safety precautions to be implemented to the supervisors and workers involved in the works.- The access to the works zone will be prohibited to unauthorized person and only trained workers will be allowed for access. 3 Risk AssessmentAll the potential hazards, consequences and mitigations will be analysed in therisk assessment attached in the Appendix A.Plant & Equipment1 Inspection & LabelsAll plant shall have valid test certificates and equipped with all safety accessories. Critical parts inspection or special plant inspection shall be conducted by a competent person before commencement of works. Relevant statutory forms shall be kept available and updated at all times.2 Personal Protective EquipmentThe Construction Manager shall ensure that all of the workforce are issued with basic personal protective equipment (e.g. safety helmet, safety boots and reflective vest) and other personal protective equipment which is suitable to the specific task. Sufficient stocks shall be kept available and a record of issuance shall be maintained. All site staff and visitors must be equipped with the mandatory personal equipment such as safety helmet, safety shoes and reflective vest.3 “Permit to Work” SystemPermit to work should be in place for working on existing pipe, including identification of isolation point, locking out procedure, labelling of which pipe to be cut.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental (Environmental aspect & impact identification as well as mitigation measures)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following mitigation measures will be followed:- Works should be carried out during 07:00 to 19:00 on normal working days. No PME will be used after 19:00 on normal working days and Sundays and public holiday unless with a valid construction noise permit;- The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP);- ULSD Diesel will be used in all PME;- Plant with QPME label will be employed if available;- All chemicals will be placed on drip tray;- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site.- Surfaces where any pneumatic or power-driven drilling, cutting, polishing or other mechanical breaking operation takes place should be sprayed with water.- Hand-held breaker having a mass of above 10kg shall be fitted with a Noise Emission Label.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 17 of 28</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control (Inspection and Test Plan including hold points)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.To ensure the attainment of the required standard of works, the methods of working and the required works standards / acceptance criteria are defined in the method statement and inspection & test planswhich are communicated to the relevant staff and workers carrying out the works. Day to day routine inspections of the works will be carried out by the Construction Team Leader, Site Engineers and Foreman as appropriate, to ensure that all works are performed following the requirements of these documents.Specific quality checks shall be carried out in accordance with the approved Inspection & Test Plan with “Hold Points” at critical elements for confirmation of compliance before proceeding further.Request for Inspection and Survey Check (RISC) shall be issued to the RSS following inspection of the works by the CSHK’s project team. The Inspection & Test Plan for the works (Appendix B) will identify all Hold Points and Witness Points.Following the Inspection & Test carried out, inspection and / or test records are to be prepared to indicate whether the specified requirements have been met. Records of Inspection and testing will be maintained and kept available for inspection and final handover as appropriate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A - Risk AssessmentAppendix B - Inspection and Test PlanAppendix C - Sequence of Watermain DiversionAppendix D - Plant CatalogueAppendix E - Emergency Contact ListAppendix F - Lifting PlanAppendix G - TTA for Crossing-road Pipe TrenchAppendix H - Logistic PlanAppendix I - Typical Shoring System for Pipe Trench ExcavationAppendix J - Response to Comments</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 18 of 28</td>
</tr></table>

