<!-- MTR  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000078</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000251</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Method Statement for Construction of new run-in to Work Area W7for PMO construction</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andiew</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">사</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">V</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">가</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andrew Mak</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anthony He</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leung Kwok Fung/Hui Wai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH Isa/WH.Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SÓ</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LL Yewry</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ee</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma/ Iris Ho</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/ Mark McGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12-April-2024</td>
</tr></table>

Document Title: Method Statement for Construction of new run-in to Work Area W7 for PMO construction

Document Revision: A


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Section </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comment </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contractor's Response</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0 Works MthodologyPage 5</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A cross section of the proposed run-in showing the concrete thickness, concrete grade and A393 mesh location is requested for easy understanding. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing added in Appendix F for reference.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ITPPage 11</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The material submissions for proposed design concrete mix, A393 mesh, permit-to-dig would be needed under Section A of this ITP. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As coordinated with MTR, see attached email, materials fortemporary works does not required for material sampling andtesting. Thus no formal material submission is required.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lifting PlanPage 48</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">It is presumed that while delivering the 3T backhoe some parking locations need to be closed with Traffic Marshell in place. It is advisable to include adrawing showing the extent of Works Area for PME delivery. Similarly, a drawing/sketch showing the temporary traffic arrangement for spoil handlingis requested.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Please refer to Appendix F for the Traffic Marshal location andtemporary traffic arrangement.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Page 49 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">We refer to your submission 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000095 & 000205, where the combined utilities plan is included. It is noted that A Gas Main, HKT,E&M cables and Storm drain network are present under the proposed run-in facility. Please confirm if any UU diversion is needed before commencingthe run-in construction works. Please include the associated temporary diversion scheme for easy understanding.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No utility diversion is needed for the proposed run-in constructionworks.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. Responsibilities forActivities described withinMethod StatementPage 4</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Please revisit the statement. To our understanding the WPIC should lead the works. CP(T)/CP(NT) will be responsible to ensure no adverseeffect/impact to Railway Operations.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The section is amended.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risk AssessmentPage 16</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Strip relocation is a high risk activity and proper safety measures like Traffic Marshalls, Warning Signage, Waterfilled Barriers are needed to avertthe risk of workers being struck by road user's vehicle. This high risk and associated control measures need to be included in this Risk Assessment.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item added in Risk Assessment.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relocation of stripPage 9</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Please provide the TTM arrangement drawing in order to show any temporary measure will be implemented. banksman or traffic controller shall beprovided in case of any traffic diversion.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing added in Appendix F for reference.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD-Dev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relocation of stripPage 9</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Once the proposed new run-in is operational, how the pedestrian crossing will be managed? Should there be alternate routing for the pedestrians, thedrawings shall reflect such arrangement clearly.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Please refer to Appendix F for the pedestrians routingarrangement.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

CONTENT

## 1. Introduction

2. Reference Documents

## 3. Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

## 4. Programme and Working Hours

## 5. Plant, Equipment & Material

## 6. Works Methodology

## 7. Safety

### 8. Environmental

## 9. Quality Control

## 10. Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 2 of 12chopped with a red control stamp 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This Method Statement is a safety working method & procedures documents to describing the health, safety, environment & quality requirements for carrying out the construction of new run-in to Work Area W7 for PMO construction under the Contract 1701. The methodologies of elimination, mitigation and control of risks shall be addressed.The details of the procedures contained herewith shall be reviewed periodically and updated based on the actual site conditions. The principle methods as described in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amended if required.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Documents</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">⚫ General Specification for Civil Engineering Works (NEC4) (MTR Corporation Limited - 2022)⚫ Scope for Contract 1701.⚫ Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK is responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The responsible persons are listed below and be responsible for the activities:Name PositionHoward Siu Construction ManagerCF Chan Construction ManagerLuqman Yung Construction ManagerAnthony He Assistant Construction ManagerNick Wang Section AgentCai Jin Tian, Tim EngineerAndrew Mak EngineerAndrew Lo Graduate EngineerCharles Xu Graduate EngineerLeung Kwok Fung Safety ManagerWK Hui Safety OfficerErnest Young Assistant Safety OfficerLau Yu Tat SurveyorCheung Siu Kei SuperintendentNg Ho Lun Senior ForemanSingh Nirdeep Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 3 of 12</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(a) Construction ManagerResponsible for overall administration, monitoring, controlling progress and quality ofworks in a safe manner.(b) Site Engineer/Superintendent/ForemanResponsible for developing works procedures, controlling progress and quality of worksin a safe manner. They also have to implement safety at works area for workers viaguidance from safety officers.(c)Safety Manager/Safety OfficerResponsible for assessing working conditions of work areas in safety means. To preparerisk assessment before works, enforce safety works practice and environment in theworkplace and work site.(d) Worksite Person In Charge (WPIC)WPIC is in charge of the work in the works areas, which are located at various positionsof site. Site Supervisor is also responsible in implementing works control checklist.Additionally, the WPIC is tasked with delivering briefings to workers on site.(e) Registered Electrical Workers (REW)Workers who have valid certificate of registered electrical worker and completed MTRRSI training and obtain qualification.(f) WorkersWorkers who have completed RSI training and received a valid qualification.(g) Competent Person (CP(T)/CP(NT))CP shall provide pre-work briefing to all workers and anyone work within the RailwayOperation Area (Siu Ho Wan Depot). Briefing attendance records shall be kept on sitefor inspection. CP shall report to depot before works could commence.Emergency Team contact list is enclosed so that work can be safely arranged to suspendfor contingency/ reasons. Please refer to Appendix E.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The method statement is applicable for the Construction of new run-i to Work Area W7for PMO construction under Contract 1701. The general working hours will be from 08:00-18:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday and expected to be completed within a week. It maybe required to carry out works from 19:00 to 23:00 and Sunday and Public Holidays in caseof essential speeding up of the working process. CSHK would check internally to fulfil theConstruction Noise Permit Requirement.All the works shall be led by CP(T)/CP(NT) and supervised by WPIC during the approvedworking period at different areas, details are summarised in the below table. CompetentPerson for Underground Utilities Survey shall be assigned and in the presence of works.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plant,Equipment & Material</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All equipment will be inspected prior to the mobilization on site to ensure that they are ingood working condition and comply with the current regulations. The major equipment willbe deployed to carry out the works are as follow and the technical specificationis attachedin Appendix D:·Hand tool for excavation.·Excavator (Backhoe mounted with beaker/bucket) or equivalent mechanical plant.·Crane Lorry·Concrete Truck</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Works Methodology</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. Fence off the planter area;2. UU detection and Trial pit (Based on submitted Method statement under 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000095);3. Site Clearance will be conducted based on the previous approved submission for planterarea;4.Mobilization and Lifting the 3Ton Backhoe Excavator to site;5. 3Ton Backhoe Excavator will be used to start excavation & prepare formation for theskew run-in;6. Formwork erection & wire mesh A393 fixing;7. Concreting by concrete pump trucks, compact fresh concrete using surface vibrator;8. Formwork removal after minimum strength achieved.9. Strip relocation will be carried out after the completion of the new run-in, involving theloosening of the bolts and nuts for the modular strip and moving it to the new location.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">· All workers shall be equipped with reflective vests and safety helmets during operation.All workers must go through a briefing by the Construction Manager/ Engineer / SafetyOfficer/Safety Supervisor before commencement of any works.·A pre-meeting will be arranged before commencement of the work among Survey Team,Construction Team and Safety Team to brief the nature of works, the safety aspects andthe necessary safety requirements as identified in the Risk Assessment in Appendix D.· To ensure the worker carrying out the inspection pit excavation works are fully informedof the risks and they are aware of the measures to control those risks, the Briefing willbe provided before operation commence.Safety helmets fitted with chin straps must be worn within the site, safety boots, hearingprotectors (if needed), high visibility jackets / sashes, reflective vests, goggles,glovesand full body harnesses for work at height will be provided to all staff working on site.Plastic barriers and reflective traffic cones will be prepared prior to work commencementto demarcate the working area.·Trial Pit shall be covered up with suitable planks and fenced off when not attended. Itshall be inspected on a weekly basis by competent person and Form 4 - Excavation ofEarthworks shall be filled in to ensure the inspection pit is in safe conditions.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">⚫ Permit-to-Dig system shall be implemented and strictly followed to mitigate the risk of damages to underground utilities. Relevant valid underground utilities plans shall be obtained and cable detection shall be conducted by competent person before commencement of works. Briefing shall be conducted to workers to acknowledge them on the underground utility conditions at the works area and precautions required. The proposed working area should be marked physically on site by CP. ⚫ Proper ladder access should be landed on firm and level base for workers excavation works /Supervisors inspection in the Trial Pit. The ladder should extend 1m higher than the landing place.⚫ Any emergency situation shall be reported to site supervisors (i.e. Construction Manager/ Engineer/ Foreman etc.) and Safety Department for prompt response. The emergency contact list is shown in Appendix E.The risk for the works shall be assessed and the Risk Assessment Analysis is shown in Appendix C.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following mitigation measures will be followed:- General works shall be carried out during normal working hours (08:00 to 18:00). No works using PME will be carried out after 07:00pm on Sunday and public holiday without a valid construction noise permit.- Excavated soil shall be stocked pile at designated area and covered properly by tarpaulinor accepted means to prevent dust generation and reused on site prior to disposal.- ULSD Diesel will be used in all PME- Plant with QPME label will be employed if available- Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label to be used on site. - All chemicals will be placed on drip tray- Any wastewater produced during the work will be treated prior to disposal-The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit (EP) / EP submission and Contractor’s Environmental Management Plan (EMP)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.⚫ Construction works shall be fully complied with Quality Plan.For work activity which is classified as “Quality Hold Point”, no subsequent work can be started unless the former work activity was inspected and accepted by MTR’s inspectorate.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Proposed location plan for new run-inB. Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)C. Risk AssessmentD. Technical Specification for Equipment and PlantsE. Emergency Contact ListF. Logistic Plan</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomnpt rolled unless Page 6 of 12</td>
</tr></table>

