<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000176</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000615</td>
</tr></table>

EDOC for Lifting over Test Track for OYB Station

Description:

Refer to 9th HAZOP Meeting, dated on 22 May 2024, enclosed herewith the EDOC Application for EDOC for Lifting over Test Track for OYB,and relative Hazard Log, Meeting Minutes and presentation materials for your review.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revision</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reviewed by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">A2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03/06/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">←</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eleeey</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">David Lam</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max Leung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul-Freeman/McGleenon Mark</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SeniorEngineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EngineeringManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGIEERING (HONG KONG) UMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled uniess chopped Page 1 of 1with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

Engineering Document for Works

Part A

Engineering Works No :ZCV20377


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Change Histor y</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue/Rev .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reason for Chang e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/ 0</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">First Formal Issu e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03/06/2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Part B

1 .F1 No . N/A

2 .C&R Works No . N/A

3 .Baselin eProgramme iPlease refer to attache dAppendix A


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desig n</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installatio n</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing &Commissioning</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Completio n</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Actions(Refer to Ite m19)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SH DPropertyDevelopmentContract 170 1–Oyster BayStation andAssociatedWorks</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jun e202 4</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ma y2025(tentatively)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

## 4 .Description of works

## 4. 1Titl e Contract 170 1 –Lifting over Test Track for OYB Station

## 4. 2Reaso n

To facilitate the construction of Oyster Bay Station and Siu Ho Wan Depot property enabling works, lifting of materials above and across the depot test track and located adjacent to the AEL/TCL mainline tracks is required.

## 4. 3Descriptio n

1701 Contractor will carry ou tliftin gof plant, equipment and material at south roa da sper correlated latest version of method statemen tunder ACC Reference Number :1701-W-000-CSC-760-000287. Precaution measures fo rvarious potential risks/ situation have been reviewed and summarized i nth ehazard lo greferring t oAppendix B.

B .WORKING TIME

Mainline: 3 Nos of NTH per week (2:00am to 4:00am);

Test Track: 3 night time (Friday^Saturday ,Saturday^Sunday and one on weekday) per wee kor NPH subject to Depot Schedule;

#The first lifting operation will be carried out during NTH on Sat^Sun

C .PREPARATION WORK

Before commencement of th elifting, the followin gprocedur eshall be followed.

C.1 Site Clearance

Site clearance shall be completed and existing ground shall be levelled up before commencement of general lifting works.

Site Clearance and Water Filled Barrier erection at works area W1, W2and W11G shall bed carried out as per approved method statement (ACC Reference Numbe r :1701/W/000/CSC/760/000173, 000240, 000430).

C.2 Setting Out

The location of general lifting works will be set out at the co-ordinates shown on the Construction Drawings or as agreed with MTR’s representatives on site.

Once the location has been set out a joint inspection will be held with MTR’s representatives on site and other stakeholders

C. 3Cable Detection

Cable detection will be carried out before commencement of works according to approved Method Statemen t(ACC Reference No .:1701/W/000/CSC/760/000095).

C.4 Trial Pit

Trial Pits will be carried out in accordance with Permit-to-Dig System before start of the works. For details, please refer to separate submissions (AC CReference No . :170-W-000-CSC-760-000115).

C. 5Utility Diversion/ Abandoned Works

Any utilities required diversion or to be abandoned will be carried out with relevant approved EDOC sprior to start the instrumentation installation works.

C.6 Temporary Drainage System Supply

Wetsep will be set up when fencing/ waterfilled barriers once installe dto cater for the temporary drainage discharge.

###### C. 7Pre-construction survey

Pre-construction survey, Survey and UU detection will be carried out and completed before the commencement of the works, survey of existing MTR equipment at ground level. Reports to be submitted to MTR,showing the protections applying to the MTR equipment.

C. 8Waterfilled Barriers

Some works area will be fenced off by waterfilled barriers (without panel), an dthe ywill be left insid ethe OAs during site clearance works before RP fence installation.

D. LIFTING OPERATION

The lifting operation shall follow approved Method Statement (ACC Re.No. : 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000287)

It should be noted that overlapping of lifting zone for each crane is not permitted.

4. 4Applicatio n General liftin gwork sa tsouth roa dshall be carrie dou tdurin gNTH 2:00 am to 4:00 am.

The lifting works do not modify any system or operations of the Operating Railway.

4. 5Categor y N/A

4. 6In-house/Contrac t CONTRACT 1701

## 4. 7Estimated Cos t Under SHD Property Development Contract 170 1 –Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

### 4. 8Natur e Tria lproject carried out b yHKTS Businesso Ye s No

Uni tan dcosting &#36;4.5M or above

If yes, pleas eattac hthe SMART Success Criteria fo rTrial

[Templat ecan be obtained via the link below

http://opinfomall.corp.mtrc.com/dept_T&ES/tes_admin/other%20files /smart%20success%20criteria%20for%20trials.docx]

## 5 .Name and Title of Responsible Parties


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design Manager /Chie fConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Controller /Project Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Implementer  /SeniorConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintainer /Asse tOwner</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHONG Daniel Hing PongChief Design Manage r–OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief ConstructionManage r –OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief ConstructionManage r –OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief ConstructionManage r –OYB Civil</td>
</tr></table>

## 6 .Implication on Safety


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eneral Liftin gPla nfo rWorks Area W 2</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Issue/Rev .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Affecting / modifying on Safet yCritical System(s)iiIf no, please provide justification.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">There is no safety critical system involved.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related ChangeAssessment Formii iis completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)If no, please provide justification.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">There is no safety critical system involved.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgat ei v[Specific SafetyRelated System(s)]</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System RelatedChange Assessment Form vis completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If no, please provide justification.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">There is no safety critical system involved.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazard s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Affecting Signal Sighting (ref .P/OD/SMS/028)If yes, please specify</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Affecting maintenance or operational requirements e.g. Safety-related Application Conditions (SRAC) / Safe OperatingRequirements (SOR)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If yes, please specify in Section 19.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ·Submission of a paper to SAFTECviIf yes, please specify the paper number and if the paper has beenaccepted by SAFTEC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> oYe s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> þNo</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

i iThe list of Safety Critical Systems (SCS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

i vThe list of Safety Related Systems (SRS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers. Independent safety review on operation and control, as well as signalling interface, shall be deployed for i) PSD and APG (automatic sliding door), ii) Floodgate and iii) MGF .

v iRefer t oSAFTEC To Ri nOperations Knowledge Mall ,submission of a paper to SAFTEC is required for engineering work involving:-

 ·application of new technology;

 ·modifications to approved technical standards on operational / occupational / system safety (including deviations from approved technical standards);

 ·improvement on safety of the railway and other prescribed businesses in Hong Kong by mitigating R1 / R2hazards; or

 ·modification which may induce high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrit y /switc han dcrossing integrit y /track adhesion performance

1 .CP(T) or CP (NT) shall be full time looking after the railway safet yand report to the OCC/ SC daily before and after the construction works. Full-time supervision shall be carried out by MTR Project Team under the approved MS during the construction work. Trucks and workers shall be restricted to use a designated route a sdelivery and worker’s pedestrian route within the site which shall be further agreed with the SHD Manager / YM.

## 2 .Proper safety barriers shall be erected to demarcate the work site from the railway area.

## 3 .Proper personal protective equipment shall be employed while carrying out of works.

4 .The 1701 Contractor shall carry out temporary pedestrian / traffic diversion and implement TTM wherever the works will interfere with existing roads, footways or other ways over which there is a public or private right of way. Minimum width of EVA will be maintained at all times during the works.

5 .Delivery of equipment shall be considered carefully and avoid damaging any structure on site such as depot warehouse, OHL, track work, light post, etc.

## 6 .No storage of additional fuel for the rigs/plants is allowed.

7 .Measures including sandbags and standby water pump shall be provided to avoid flooding.

8 .Designated works area shall be fenced off by proper safety barriers with warning notices and shall be securely fastened together to prevent unauthorized entry. The detailed safety measures shall be specified in the method statement.

9 .All workers shall receive Railway Safety Induction training and follow Railway Safety Rules (RSR).

The contractor’s person-in-charge (CPIC) shall be present a tthe work site at all times of work. The responsible person shall ensure that all sources of ignition are removed, all power supplies are isolated, and the work site is in a safe condition before leaving the site.

## 7 .Implication on Fire Safety

 ·Affecting  /modifying on Fire Safety System(s )  þNo

 ·Smoking is not permitted on site.

 ·Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited.

 ·Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping.

 ·Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each work front with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment (part 5 below

 ·Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures.

 ·Grass cutting shall be arranged before any hot works.

 ·Fire Management Plan will be followed as reference to the formal submission (ACC Ref. No .:1701-W-000-CSC-705-000196).

 ·Implication to existing Fire Service Installations (FSIs)  þNo

Example to implication:

 -Obstructions to the existing active FSIsvii, including but not

limite dto sprinklers, detectors, hose reels, smoke curtain,

natural smoke vent, some extraction outlet etc.

If yes, please provide the justification to demonstrate the

compliance of statutory requirement.

## 8 .Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work

This is not a safety critical / safety related works, but the following measures will be implemented to ensure safety.

1 .Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation’s railway safety rules and procedures.

2 .CP(T) or CP(NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for work scarried out inside operating railway premises.

3 .The 1701 Project Team CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.

## 9 .Implication on Operating Procedures

No implication on operating procedures.

## 10 .Statutory Submissions

Are there any statutory submission s  þNo

If yes, please state the details:

[State any submission/approval dates and consequences of non-approval by external statutory parties]

## 11 .Design Capacity / Design Limitviii

All permanent design works are designed to MTR NWDSM, M&W specification and GS, the related code of practice and HK regulations.

The temporary works for shoring support or workin gplatform would be certified by nominated Temporary Works Co-ordinator (TWC), checked by TCPs and approved by MTR CWBU.

## 12 .Electromagnetic Compatibility

No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.

vi iRefer to M&W Standards for the definition of obstruction.

1. S/EM-fss/MW/04(99 ) -Material & Workmanship Standard for Sprinkler Syste m -Clause 10.10 & 10.17.

2. S/EM-fss/MW/03(99 ) -Material & Workmanship Standard for Fire Hydrant / Hose Reel Syste m -Clause 7.1, 10.1,11.13 & 11.14.

3. S/EM-fss/MW/02(99 ) -Material & Workmanship Standard for Automatic Fire Alarm and Detection Syste m -Clause 4.1.10 to 4.1.13 .

vii iRefer t oP/OD/AMS/01 5for the definition, use and updating of design limits.

## 13 .Implementation, Inspection, Testing or Commissioning Instruction

Prior to the commencement of works, the Contractor shall provide submission including detailed method statements with Inspection & Testing Plan (ITP) to MTR for approval.

Before submission of EDOC, the method statement and IT Phas been approved.

The proposed work shall be inspected and checked by MTR CSHK team under related ITP procedure, and will be registered by digital RISC forms under iSuper system for quality control.

All construction works shall be carried out according to the approve dmethod statements and agreed safety plans and measures.

13. 1State the pre-requisite tests / safety precautions before allowing an item/system to be put in operation/testing on the Operating Railway, e.g. gauge checking, approach-locking distance,signa lsighting etc., for:

 ·works on a Safety Critical System, or

 ·works on other items/system which may result in disruption to train services for more than 20 minutes or to station operation for more than 1 hour, if the change causes the item /system / its interfacing system(s) to fail to perform its intended function.]

13. 2Safety independent check [is/is not *] required for the installation, T&C in this modification.[If not required, please provide justification.

Safety independent check is required for the modifications to safety critical systems /equipment / items as defined in the divisional procedur eP/OD/SMS/004.]

There are no T&C modification works.

13. 3On-Site Design Verification [is/is not *] required after Testing and Commissioning for the installation of this modification,

[Provide justification particularly when no or sample check on On-Site Design Verification is required by P/OD/AMS/015.]

No on-site design verification is required, as no major modification on existing equipment and/or safet ycritical systems is envisaged for the captioned works.

## 14 .Design Standards / Manuals / Procedures / References

 ·Works to be designed and constructed to comply with the latest requirement of :-

 ·Contract 1701 Scope of Work

 ·MTR New Work Design Standard Manual (NWDSM)

 ·MTR Operation Division Safety Requirement and Information for Contractors

 ·Operation Division Railway Safety Rule

 ·Approved method statement

## 15 .Environmental Management

The Contract shall follow all requirements and conditions set on Environmenta lPermit issued by EPD. All construction waste, dust and noise will be controlled during construction.

## 16 .Configuration Management

N/A

## 17 .Application to New Extension Projects

N/A

## 18 .Other Concerns / Instructions

Prior to site construction, the Contractor shall conduct site survey, route verification and measurement.

19 .Impact of the works (Please mark the appropriate check box)

[State any concerns (other than those mentioned in other parts of this EDOC) that this test, trial or modification may have]


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Impact o n</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsible Parties(Name & Title)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actions Required</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operations Manuals / Procedure s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 2</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintenance Manuals / Procedures/ Work Instructions/ Schedules</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 3</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spare parts catalogues and stocklevels</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 4</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfaced System s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 5</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawings, and schematic andwiring diagram if applicable</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 6</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Training for staf f</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 7</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Registration of new assetsi x</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> o</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19. 8</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Any other related matters(pleas especify)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/ A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

20 .Incomin gGoods Inspection (IGI) Requirements

 lThe contractor will be responsible for the inspection of all material prior to the installation on site.

## 21 .FMECA

[FMECA is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:

 ·Change to a SCS / introduce a new SCS

 ·Change to PSD/APG/MGF/floodgate [Specific SRS]

 ·Affecting o rInterface with SCS

 ·Act as measures to mitigate R1/ R2 hazards

 ·Change to C1/ C2 systems / equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 system / equipment

 ·Introduce a new design (i.e. new hardware or change t ohardwar e/ modify a hardware involving non-standard design)

 ·Redundancy for systems on controlling / carrying / supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

 ·Change to a revenue-critical equipment or introduce a new revenue-critica lequipment

 ·Change to P-Way systems/equipment xor interface with P-Way systems/equipment

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items oYe s þN If no, please provide justification.

The captioned works do not involve the above items.

## 22 .Concept of Design (ConDes)

ConDesx iis mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:

 ·SC SDesign Change

 ·Design change for PSD, APG, MGF and floodgate [Specific SRS]

 ·Change t oC1/C2 systems/equipmen to rintroduc e anew C1/C2 systems / equipment

 ·Redundancy for systems on controlling/ supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

 ·Modification affecting track adhesion performanc e /rai lintegrit y /switc han dcrossing integrity

 ·New desig naffecting inter-system interface

 ·Application of technology that is newly introduced in MTR

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items? If yes, oYe s þNo please attach the ConDes to this EDoc .If no, please provide justification4.

The captioned works do not involv ethe above items.

## 23 .Safety Impact of Trackside Equipment Installatio n –SG Infringement

## 23. 1Is the gauging and clearance assessment required according to  oYe s þNo P/OD/AMS/041?

If no, please provide justification.

There is no SG Infringement for the captione dworks.

 xInvolving high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance.

x iProject Definition Documents such as Service Requirement Document (SRD), Functional Requirement Manual (FRM)might b eused as  asubstitut eto ConDes.

23. 2Is th eclearance requirement compiled with the requirement in S/NT- þYe s oNo Saf/DS/01(01)?

If no, please state the endorsed SAFTEC Paper number and/or approved Operations Engineering Standard (OES) Waiver Request number which has/have been obtained.

23. 3State whether the trackside installation of fixed equipment with  þYe s oNo potential hazardxi iof Structure Gauge (SG) infringemen tduring operations and maintenance.

If yes, pleas equot eth ehazard log reference and/or th eASRisk ID.

The preventive / monitoring measure is stated in the hazard log in Appendix  Bto mitigate the potential hazard.

If no, please provide justification.

## 24 .New / Modified Trackside Installation in EAL

Is earth/equipotential bond required to add or modify on the traction return  oYe s þNo rail?

If yes, please seek approval from EAL Bonding Review Working Grou pxii i(EALBRWG) and attached the endorsed form as record.

If no, please provide justification.

There is not any earth/equipment bond add/ modify on the traction return rail.

xi iThe potential gauge infringement hazard sduring operations and maintenance, includ eoperation/working condition and potential failure impact son the systems, equipment or facilities .

xii iFor EAL bonding application form, applicant shall seek MM-S&T EAL.

Approval List for Works Requiring EDOC Approval

(Engineering Works No.  :ZCV2037 7)


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilitie s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name & Titl e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signatur e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by(Designer or delegate) 1(SC Mor delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YIU Alex Chun TingSr ConstructionEnginee r –Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by(Design Manager or delegate) 1(SCM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TAN Adrian ChoongMengSr ConstructionManage r -Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by 2(GM-PP&D(O) or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHAN Taky Tsun KeiChief Projs Plan &Dev Mg r(Ops)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved b y3(On behalf of CCB)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved and authorised b y6(Design Manage rfrom HKTS only)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved b y41(Design Manage ro rCC Mfrom CWBU /HKPBU)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHONG Daniel Hing PongChief Design Manage r–OYBKOO Raymond Kai OnChief ConstructionManage r –OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Independent Checked b y5(COAM / SOSoAM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed b y8(Lead T&E SRepresentatives)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NG Patrick Chi ChungLead Civil&Stn Fac EnggMgrLUI William Ching ManActin gLead Design Mgr-PWEngg</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Authorised b y7(CSE(Ops )o rCOES&I)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHAN HK Hing KeungChief of Ops Engg Serv &InnoTANG Simon Siu CheungDGM-Technical & AssetEngg</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed b y9(Maintainer)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief ConstructionManage r –OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed b y10(Asset Owner)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymon dKai OnChief ConstructionManage r –OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 170 1 –Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

General Liftin gPla nfo rWorks Area W 2 Issue/Rev . 1 /0


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilitie s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name & Titl e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signatur e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed b y11(Head of Line Group Management /HTO ordelegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEE Andy Po WingChief Ops Mg r –AEL ,TCL& DRL</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorse dby(Project Controller)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Ka iOnChief ConstructionManage r –OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorse db y</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FAN Dave Pui KiuSr. Railway ProtectionEngineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorse dby(SHD Landlord)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TSUI Barry Ka FaiSenior Depot Manage r-SHD</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Notes:

 1Applicable to works on the Operating Railwa yb yCapital Works Business Uni to rHong Kon gProperty Business Unit.

 2Chec kis require dby: -GM-PP&D(O )or delegates whe n(i )th ework i sExtension related (e.g. new lines )or (ii) the change swill be adopted i nNew Extension Projects as stated in Section 17 ;o r(iii )when the work is majo rC&R works (e.g. station modification, ped-links etc).

 3Approval by relevant CCB(s) is required when works involves changes of softwar eand configurations under the (P/OD/AMS/012) System Configuration Management and Change Control Procedure

 4Approva lb yDesign Manager(s )o rChie fConstruction Manager (CCM )from CWBU/HKPB Uis require dfor works on the Operating Railway undertaken b yCapital Works Business Uni to rHong Kon gProperty Business Uni tprior to the authorisatio nb yCOES& Ior CSE(Ops).

 5Independent Chec kis required fo rworks which affec t/ modif yon Safety Critical System so rmodify PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgat e[Specifi cSafety Related Systems ]o rfor mitigating R1/R2 hazards of th eOperating Railway; an dshall be carried by Operations Assuranc eSectio naccording to the scope of modification.

 6Approval by Design Manager(s) from HKTS is required for all works on the Operating Railway undertaken by HKTS.

 7Authorisation fro mCSE(Ops) /COES& Ion their respectiv edisciplin ei srequired whe nthe works is:

 -affecting  /modifying o nSafety Critical Systems, or

 -modifyin gPSD/APG/MGF/Floodgat e[Specifi cSafety Related Systems]

 -affecting the Fire Safety of the Railway, or

 -fo rmitigating R1/R2 hazards, or

 -works on O Rundertaken b yCapital Works Business Uni to rHong Kon gProperty Business Unit.

 8Endorsement by Lead T&E SRepresentative sis required for works on the Operating Railwa yundertaken by Capital Works Business Unit o rHong Kon gProperty Business Unit prior to the authorisatio nb yCOES& Ior CSE(Ops). The Lead T&E SRepresentative sshall be identified based on the relevant discipline of the lead designer.

 9Endorsement by the relevant maintainer(s) is required when th ework saffect / introduce ne wmaintenance procedures  /practices.

1 0Endorsement by the relevant Asset Owner i srequired when th ework saffects the cost of ownership for or life expectancy of the asset.

1 1Head of Lin eGrou pManagement’ sdelegate drepresentative sis:-

a. )CO Mfo rmodifications o n(i )station based systems fo rspecifi cline and/o rspecifi cstation(s)  &(ii )train service related modifications;

b. )Head of Traffic Operation (HTO )for modification on OCC migration system sand train service related issues such as equipment alteration or new equipment provision which have impact to the train service.

Endorsement b y(Head o fLin eGrou pManagement/HTO)’ sdelegate drepresentative sis required when the works affect railway operations or operating procedure.

Engineering Drawings affected by this Engineering Work

The following circuit diagrams shall be updated

&lt; Please also fill in the “Requisition for Drawing Service” (OPM781D/R1/04.97) &gt;


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing Titl e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing no.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Summary of Comment Sheet(Engineering Works No.  :ZCV2037 7)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDOCClaus eNo.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commented by(an dDate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comment s</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Action(includin gth edecisio nan drationaleif comment is not accepted)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Summary of Comment Sheet(Engineering Works No. : ZCV20377 )</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDOC Clause No.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commented by (and Date)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comments </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Action (including the decision and rationale if comment is not accepted)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A-ProgrammeAppendix B-Hazard LogAppendix C-Emergency Contact ListAppendix D-Method Statement (Extract from Method Statement: Lifting Over Test Track ACC No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000287, Section 8.1 to 8.5.3)</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 5chopped with a red control stamp

