<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MS</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000102</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000486</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">METHOD STATEMENT TITLE</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rev.-</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Vibration Monitoring for Impact Driving of Sheet Pile</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">←</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">君</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lau Ming Jun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Leung Kwok-Fung/Hui Wai Kwan</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MH IsaAWH Lam</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM/SO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QM/QE</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/05/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22/05/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22105/2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reviewed by:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AW</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">l teuus</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ~tong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">James Ma/lris Ho</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/Mark McGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EM/EO</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Sr.Project Director/A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22/05/24</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22105/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2410512024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/5/24</td>
</tr></table>

**CONTENT** 

## 1 .Introduction

2 .Reference Documents

## 3.Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor

### 4.Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement

### 5 .Programme and Working Hours

### 6 .Plant ,Equipmen t& Material

7 .Construction Methods/Construction Sequence

## 8 .Safety

### 9 .Environmental

## 10 .Quality Control

11 .Appendices

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stam p Page  2of 12


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introductio nand Objective</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The objective of this method statement is to study the ground vibrations induced by vibratio nsheet pile driving due to wave propagation in soil, and the minimum distance required to achieve the acceptable vibration peak particle velocity value for nearby railway structure, track, overhea dpowerline mast, and telecommunication furniture. The work shall be carried out within the declared Constructio nArea (CA), therefore no EDOCs will be required.This document shall be distributed to relevant parties to introduce the work scopes, to present thesequence of works and to define the associated responsibilities to ensure the health, safety,environment an dquality issues addressed. The details of the procedures contained herewith shallbe reviewed periodically and updated base on the actual site conditions. The principle methods asdescribed in the following sections are subject to review during construction and may be amende dif required.Layout Pla nof W3A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Documents</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- General Specification for Civil Engineering Works- Materials and Workmanship Specification for Civil Engineering Works</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 .</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Details of Sub-Contractor/Specialist Sub-Contractor</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The works shall be carried out by a specialist contracto rand supervised by CSHK’s foreman and engineer.</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomn ptrolled unless Page 3 of 12</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 .</td>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Responsibilities for Activities described within Method Statement</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1">CSH Kis responsible to inspect and carry out the construction works. The following persons, as listed in the table below, will attend the specific tool-box talk and be responsible for the activities:</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Compan y</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nam e</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Position</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="5">CSH K</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ted Leung Shun Cheon g</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fung Kin Keun g</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Asst. Construction Manager</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fung King Chun g</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Senior Engineer</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheung Siu Ke i</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Superintendent</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ng Ho Lu n</td>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Senior Foreman</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 .</td>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Programme and Working Hours</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1">The tentativ ework commencement date is May 2024. The general working hour sshal lbe from 08:00 – 19:00 daily, from Monday to Saturday. However, it may be required to carry out works from 19:00 - 23:00 daily including Sundays and Public Holidays under urgent circumstances. CSH Kshal lcheck internally to fulfil the Construction Noise Permit requirement.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 .</td>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Plant ,Equipmen tan dMaterial</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="15"></td>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1">All plants and equipment shal lbe inspected to ensure safe working condition and comply with current site regulations prior to site mobilizatio nand work commencement.The major plants and equipmen tto be deployed fo rcarryin gout the works are as follows: - </td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="5"></td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Plant/Equipmen t</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Hydraulic Vibrator yHamme r</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Excavato r</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Triaxial Geophon e</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Vibration Monitor Uni t</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="7"></td>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Manpowe r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Quantity</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">General Labou r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Forema n</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Enginee r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Rig Operato r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Rigge r</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Banksma n</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="7" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.cAhnoy phpaerdd wciothpi ea sr esde ecno natrreo l usntcaomn ptrolled unless Page 4 of 12</td>
</tr></table>

**Preparation** 

1 .Prior to work commencement, CSHK shall provide information to MTR Inspector in order to submit work notice to SOC/DCC every Friday.

2 .If existing MTR equipment/material are found nearby during condition survey, they shall be fenced off and protected. This action shall be recorded and liaised with MTR. Site formation and site clearance shall be carried out as per separate method statemen tsubmitted.

3. Underground utilities detection shall be conducted by a competent person (CP) to ensure driving position is clear of underground utilitie sas per separate method statement submitted.

**General Access** 

We shal lutilize West Gate to deliver equipmen tand materia lto W3A. During mobilizatio nfrom West Gate, an escort vehicl ewith CP(T )would be deployed to escort the construction vehicles. A CP(T)would be stationed at the West Gate t ocheck the vehicular height an ddirect the traffic and communicate with the yard master continuousl yas per traffic management plan submitted .With reference to plant/equipment catalogues included in Appendix C, the maximum height of excavator on a low bed trailer i sexactly 4 meters, therefore no Permit-to-Move is required .The power pack/generator for the hydraulic vibratory hammer shall be mobilize dusing a crane flatbe dlorry.

**Wes**  **tSid**  **eof Depot** 

**Work Sequence** 

### 1. Work area within CA shall be fenced off by plastic barrie rand firefighting equipment shall be provided.

### 2 .Sheet pile driving position shall be marked as origin and marker slaid on ground in both X and Y directions for 10 metres in 1 metre intervals from marked origin (refer to Diagram A) .These markers shall serve as the test points for vibration monitoring. Each direction shall have a total of 10 test points. 

3 .The triaxial geophones shall b eplace do na temporary concrete base for all test points along X and  Ydirection. Th etriaxial geophone sshal lthen be connected to a vibration monitor unit.

This document is controlled in soft copy.

Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped with a red control stam p Page 5 of 12

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.Once setup of vibration monitoring equipment for all 20 test points are completed, sheet piledriving work shall commence.Piling work shall be conducted using excavator mounted hydraulicvibratory hammer. All site personnel shall maintain a safe distance from pile driving work. Thedata collected shall be recorded and interpreted into viration peak particle velocity value.5.After the sheet pile is fully driven into the ground, it shall be withdrawn completely. This reverseaction shall also be recorded and interpreted to obtain its vibration effects.6.The recorded data shall be produced and presented in a report and submitted to MTR for review.Type 4Sheet Pile 1mX1m 1 2 3 4 56 7 891012 Triaxial Geophone(10 nos. of test points for each direction)345678910YDiagram A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risk Assessment attached in Appendix A has been prepared for all general activities. Specificsafety procedures and precautions have been developed for all site operatives to follow.TheConstruction Team Leader together with the RSO, will supervise the implementation and makeadjustment accordingto the actual site operations, in order to maintain a safe and amicableworking environment.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environmental</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.General works shall be carried out during normal working hours from 08:00 to 19:00. No worksshall be carried out after 19:00 on normal working days, Sunday and/or Public Holidays withouta valid construction noise permit (CNP).2.ULSD diesel shall be used in all PMEs.3.Plants with QPME label shall be employed,if available.4.Only regulated NRMM with approved NRMM label shall be used.5.All chemicals will be placed on drip trays.6.For site clearance, water spray will be carried out during the work to prevent dust generation.7.Wastewater will be treated prior to discharge.8.The works shall follow relevant mitigation measures as required under the Environmental Permit(EP)/EP submission and Contractor's Environmental Management Plan (EMP).</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refer to Appendix B for Inspection and Test Plan.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A - Risk AssessmentAppendix B -Inspection and Test Plan (ITP)Appendix C- Catalogue for Plant/EquipmentAppendix D- Layout PlanAppendix E - Emergency Contact List</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seenare uncontrolled unless Page 7 of 12chopped with a red control stamp

