<!-- *MTR  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000172</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000610</td>
</tr></table>

<!-- EDOC for Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile  -->

Description:

Refer to HAZOP Meeting, dated on 29 May 2024, enclosed herewith the EDOC Application for Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure,Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile, and relative Hazard Log and presentation materials for your review.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revision</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reviewed by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">A1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/05/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LL Teuny</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FE~fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nana Chung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeung Wai Lun</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr. Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped Page 1 of 1with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

Engineering Document for Works

Part A

Engineering Works No:  ZCV20380


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Change History </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue/Rev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reason for Change </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/0 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">First Formal Issue </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03/06/2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Part B

1. F1 No.  N/A

2. C&R Works No.  N/A

3. Baseline Programmei Please refer to attached Appendix A


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing & Commissioning</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Completion </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Actions (Refer to Item 19)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD PropertyDevelopment Contract 1701 –Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">July 2024 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">September 2024(tentatively)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

## 4. Description of works

## 4.1 Title  Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

### 4.2 Reason 

The structure and foundation works for the bifurcation and OYB Northern Station Structure are located in between the existing test track and mainline. In order to provide the man and vehicle access to the island site in Area W2, (see Figure 1), entrance gates shall be formed at existing railway protection fence of test track, and temporary level crossing will be proposed to install at the existing Test Track.

Figure 1 – Site Photo showing the Work area W2 at Test Track and TCL/AEL Mainline

## 4.3 Description  A. General 

1701 Contractor will carry out the works for the temporary entrance and level crossing installation as per correlated latest version of the approved Method Statement for Site Entrance, Level Crossing and Cross Road Duct at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile under ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000473.Precaution measures for various potential risks/ situation have been reviewed and summarized in the hazard log referring to Appendix B.

B. Working Time

Test Track: 3 night time (Friday^Saturday, Saturday^Sunday and one on weekday) per week or NPH ( 11:00 to 15 :00 ) subject to Depot Schedule;

###### C. Preparation Work

Before commencement of the installation, the following works shall be completed.

C.1 Setting Out

The location of entrance gates and level crossing will be set out at the co-ordinates shown on the Construction Drawings or as agreed with MTR’s representatives on site.

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

Once the location has been set out a joint inspection will be held with MTR’s representatives on site, Depot Yard Master (DYM) and other stakeholders.

Referring to the railway safety requirements and construction drawings, the proposed level crossings or entrance gates are close to existing trackside equipment, CSHK will further verify the site conditions with MTR/ (DYM) representatives onsite.

## C.2 Existing water supply and utility diversion

Existing water supply and utility along the at the existing railway protection fence of Test Track shall be diverted or lowered down below ground level at the locations of proposed entrance. 

C.3 Cable Detection

Utility detection and Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) survey will be arrived out after the area is fenced off and after the obstacle above ground are cleared. The details of carrying out utility detection shall follow the approved Method Statement for General Underground Utility Survey for Construction Area (ACC Reference Number: 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000095). Based on the master drawings of all utilities, it shows that only one cable is found in this area.

C.4 Trial Pit

Trial Pits will be carried out in accordance with Permit-to-Dig System before start of the works. For details, please refer to separate submissions ACC no. 170-W-000-CSC-760-000115.

C.5 Utility Diversion/ Abandoned Works

Any utilities required diversion or to be abandoned will be carried out with relevant approved EDOC prior to start the instrumentation installation works.

# C.6 Pre-construction survey

Pre-construction survey, Survey and UU detection will be carried out and completed before the commencement of the works, survey of existing MTR equipment at ground level. Reports to be submitted to MTR, showing the protections applying to the MTR equipment.

# C.7 Instrumentation and Monitoring

Setting up instrumentation monitoring plan and taking initial readings as per the BD approved drawings. The method statement for setting up instrumentation monitoring is described in ‘Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Operations Area (OA)’ (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000122), EDOC for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works (ACC Reference Number 1701-

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

W-000-CSC-143-000284) and (EDOC Reference Number ZCV20240)and ‘Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Construction Area (CA)’ (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000138). For those standpipe and piezometer, it will be installed at the location which are 10 meters far away from the existing live tracks. 

AAA Levels will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures). A monitoring sequence can be found and will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures).

D. Installation Procedure 

In general, three locations of C with gates are proposed at the South Road along the existing Test Track. They are named TT06, TT07 and TT0A and their width are 6.3m, 6.3m & 7m respectively, see Figure 2 and 3 below :

Figure 2 – Site Photo showing the location of entrance TT06

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

Figure 3 – Site Photo showing the location of entrance TT07 and TT0A

The installation method and sequence of new entrances and the temporary level crossings are as follows:

## i. Before the commencement of the entrance gate and temporary level crossing installation, existing water supply pipe/ utility along the existing railway protection fence will be diverted and lowered down below ground level.

Install high gauge in front of existing RP fence. As discussed in the RP/HKTS meeting, the allowable maximum height shall be 3.8m.

## ii. Install temporary security/protective fence before cut openings at existing RP fence 

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

## iii. Install high roller gate and fix to the height gauge with warning notices, the height of the rolling gate is the same as the existing fence. The roller gate fixed with flush bolt and bolt to ground and locked when closing.

## iv. After entrance gate formed, temporary level crossing will be installed. The following are the installation sequence of installation.

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

v. And then cast concrete on the both side of level crossing to form a ramp over the cable troughs with 6 mm protection steel cover with insulation in between connecting existing South road and haul road within the site.

E. Maintenance Regime

i. All construction material shall be stored in designated area agreed with MTR. Stacking of material over 2m shall be avoided.

## ii. Removal of unnecessary construction materials / rubbish daily.

## iii. Coordinate with T&ES to conduct structure gauge check (after the proposed location setting out).

## iv. WPIC to ensure installation follow the approved drawings (including the fixing details) and do not infringe structural gauge. Independent check shall be conducted by the WPIC/IMC. 

v. Post-construction inspection by WPIC/IMC and WPIC/MTR CM Team to examine workmanship and ensure all new parts are securely fixed / properly installed. 

vi. Proper installation method shall be adopted for the level crossing ensure it infringe into test track structure gauge.

## vii. Regular check and maintenance for the installation shall be carried out as per BD drawings.

viii. Use tool record sheet to record all the tools used for construction during each Possession Hour period PA works. 

ix. CP(T) to check the tool record sheet (with photo record) and ensure that all tools used in construction at track area are cleared away from the track area and do not leave at the track. 

x. Thorough check through track areas to ensure clearance by CP(T).Line clear form to be submitted to YM.

[Add maintenance safeguards ]

## 4.4 Application  Entrance gate and level crossing installation at the test track shall be carried during NTH or NPH agreed with DYM

4.5 Category  N/A

4.6 In-house/Contract  CONTRACT 1701

4.7 Estimated Cost  Under SHD Property Development Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and 

Associated Works

### 4.8 Nature  Trial project carried out by HKTS Business   Yes   No

Unit and costing &#36;4.5M or above

If yes, please attach the SMART Success Criteria for Trial

[Template can be obtained via the link below

http://opinfomall.corp.mtrc.com/dept_T&ES/tes_admin/other%20files

/smart%20success%20criteria%20for%20trials.docx]

### 5. Name and Title of Responsible Parties

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design Manager / Chief Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Controller / Project Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Implementer / Senior Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintainer / Asset Owner</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHONG Daniel Hing PongChief Design Manager –OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
</tr></table>

### 6. Implication on Safety

• Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s)ii  Yes   No If no, please provide justification.

There is no safety critical system involved.

 Yes   No

• Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change Assessment Formiii is completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)If no, please provide justification.

There is no safety critical system involved.

• Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate iv [Specific Safety  Yes   No Related System(s)] 

• Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System  Yes   No Related Change Assessment Formvis completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)

If no, please provide justification.

There is no safety critical system involved.

• Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards   Yes   No

• Affecting Signal Sighting (ref. P/OD/SMS/028)  Yes   No If yes, please specify

• Affecting maintenance or operational requirements e.g. Safety  Yes   No related Application Conditions (SRAC) / Safe Operating 

Requirements (SOR)

If yes, please specify in Section 19.

• Submission of a paper to SAFTECvi  Yes   No

If yes, please specify the paper number and if the paper has 

been accepted by SAFTEC 

iii For modification work on SCS or affects SCS, project controller of C&R work shall complete the assessment form.

 The list of Safety Related Systems (SRS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers. Independent safety review on operation and control, as well as signalling interface, shall be deployed for i) PSD and APG (automatic sliding door),ii) Floodgate and iii) MGF.

v For modification work on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related System], Project Controller of C&R work shall complete the assessment form. E4 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

vi Refer to SAFTEC ToR in Operations Knowledge Mall, submission of a paper to SAFTEC is required for engineering work involving:-

• application of new technology;

• modifications to approved technical standards on operational / occupational / system safety (including deviations from approved technical standards);

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

1. CP(T) or CP (NT) shall be full time looking after the railway safety and report to the OCC/ SC daily before and after the construction works. Full-time supervision shall be carried out by MTR Project Team under the approved MS during the construction work. Trucks and workers shall be restricted to use a designated route as delivery and worker’s pedestrian route within the site which shall be further agreed with the SHD Manager / YM.

2. No construction works shall be carried out within 3.0m from the nearest railway track alignment.

### 3. Proper safety barriers shall be erected to demarcate the work site from the railway area.

### 4. Proper personal protective equipment shall be employed while carrying out of works.

5. The 1701 Contractor shall carry out temporary pedestrian / traffic diversion and implement TTM wherever the works will interfere with existing roads, footways or other ways over which there is a public or private right of way. Minimum width of EVA will be maintained at all times during the works.

### 6. Delivery of equipment shall be considered carefully and avoid damaging any structure on site such as depot warehouse, OHL, track work, light post, etc.

## 7. No storage of additional fuel for the rigs/plants is allowed.

## 8. Measures including sandbags and standby water pump shall be provided to avoid flooding

9. Designated works area shall be fenced off by proper safety barriers with warning notices and shall be securely fastened together to prevent unauthorized entry. The detailed safety measures shall be specified in the method statement for the cable bridge construction works.

10. All workers shall receive Railway Safety Induction training and follow Railway Safety Rules (RSR).

The contractor’s person-in-charge (CPIC) shall be present at the work site at all times of work. The responsible person shall ensure that all sources of ignition are removed, all power supplies are isolated, and the work site is in a safe condition before leaving the site.

## 7. Implication on Fire Safety

• improvement on safety of the railway and other prescribed businesses in Hong Kong by mitigating R1 / R2 hazards;or

• modification which may induce high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance

1. Smoking is not permitted on site.

2. Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited.

## 3. Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping.

## 4. Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each work front with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment (part 5 below

5. Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures.

6. Grass cutting shall be arranged before any hot works.

7. Fire Management Plan will be followed as reference to the formal submission in ACC (Reference Number: 1701-W-000-CSC-705-000196.

• Implication to existing Fire Service Installations (FSIs)  Yes   No

Example to implication:

- Obstructions to the existing active FSIsvii, including but not limited to sprinklers, detectors, hose reels, smoke curtain, natural smoke vent, some extraction outlet etc.

If yes, please provide the justification to demonstrate the compliance of statutory requirement.

## 8. Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work

This is not a safety critical / safety related works, but the following measures will be implemented to ensure safety.

1. Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation’s railway safety rules and procedures.

2. CP(T) or CP(NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for works carried out inside operating railway premises.

3. The 1701 Project Team CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.

## 9. Implication on Operating Procedures

No implication on operating procedures.

vii Refer to M&W Standards for the definition of obstruction.

1. S/EM-fss/MW/04(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Sprinkler System - Clause 10.10 & 10.17.

2. S/EM-fss/MW/03(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Fire Hydrant / Hose Reel System - Clause 7.1, 10.1, 11.13 & 11.14.

3. S/EM-fss/MW/02(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Automatic Fire Alarm and Detection System - Clause 4.1.10 to 4.1.13.

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

## 10. Statutory Submissions

Are there any statutory submissions   Yes   No

If yes, please state the details:

[State any submission/approval dates and consequences of non-approval by external statutory parties]

## 11. Design Capacity / Design Limitviii

All permanent design works are designed to MTR NWDSM, M&W specification and GS, the related code of practice and HK regulations.

The temporary works for shoring support or working platform would be certified by nominated Temporary Works Co-ordinator (TWC), checked by TCPs and approved by MTR CWBU.

## 12. Electromagnetic Compatibility

No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.

## 13. Implementation, Inspection, Testing or Commissioning Instruction

Documentation approval before Commencement of Works

Prior to the commencement of works, the Contractor shall provide submission including detailed method statements with Inspection & Testing Plan (ITP) to MTR for approval

Before submission of EDOC, the method statement and ITP has been approved.

The proposed work shall be inspected and checked by MTR CSHK team under related ITP procedure, and will be registered by digital RISC forms under iSuper system for quality control.

All construction works shall be carried out according to the approved method statements and agreed safety plans and measures.

## After Documentation approval for construction

13.1 State the pre-requisite tests / safety precautions before allowing an item/system to be put in operation/testing on the Operating Railway, e.g. gauge checking, approach-locking distance,signal sighting etc., for:

• works on a Safety Critical System, or

• works on other items/system which may result in disruption to train services for more than 20 minutes or to station operation for more than 1 hour, if the change causes the item / system / its interfacing system(s) to fail to perform its intended function.]

13.2 Safety independent check [is/is not *] required for the installation, T&C in this modification.[If not required, please provide justification.

Safety independent check is required for the modifications to safety critical systems / equipment / items as defined in the divisional procedure P/OD/SMS/004.]

The work described in this EDOC is to construct the temporary cross track ducts only without altering existing track or other safety critical items.

viii Refer to P/OD/AMS/015 for the definition, use and updating of design limits.

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

### 13.3 On-Site Design Verification [is/is not *] required after Testing and Commissioning for the installation of this modification,

[Provide justification particularly when no or sample check on On-Site Design Verification is required by P/OD/AMS/015.]

NO on-site design verification is required, as no major modification on existing equipment and/or safety critical systems is envisaged for these proposed monitoring points. Aside from on-site verification and confirmation of the monitoring locations (as-built records to be submitted), it is not expected that other design specific requirements checking/verification will be required

### 14. Design Standards / Manuals / Procedures / References

• Works to be designed and constructed to comply with the latest requirement of: -

• Contract 1701 Scope of Work

• MTR New Work Design Standard Manual (NWDSM)

• MTR Operation Division Safety Requirement and Information for Contractors

• Operation Division Railway Safety Rule

• Approved method statement

### 15. Environmental Management

The Contract shall follow all requirements and conditions set on Environmental Permit issued by EPD. All construction waste, dust and noise will be controlled during construction.

### 16. Configuration Management

N/A

### 17. Application to New Extension Projects

N/A

### 18. Other Concerns / Instructions

Prior to site construction, the Contractor shall conduct site survey, route verification and measurement.

19. Impact of the works (Please mark the appropriate check box)

[State any concerns (other than those mentioned in other parts of this EDOC) that this test, trial or modification may have]


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Impact on </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsible Parties(Name & Title)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actions Required</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operations Manuals / Procedures </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintenance Manuals / Procedures / Work Instructions/ Schedules</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spare parts catalogues and stock levels</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfaced Systems </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawings, and schematic and wiring diagram if applicable</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Training for staff </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Registration of new assetsix </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.8 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Any other related matters (please specify)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

20. Incoming Goods Inspection (IGI) Requirements

⚫ The contractor will be responsible for the inspection of all material prior to the installation on site.

### 21. FMECA

[FMECA is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:

• Change to PSD/APG/MGF/floodgate [Specific SRS]

# • Affecting or Interface with SCS

• Act as measures to mitigate R1/ R2 hazards

• Change to C1/ C2 systems / equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 system / equipment

• Introduce a new design (i.e. new hardware or change to hardware / modify a hardware involving non-standard design)

• Redundancy for systems on controlling / carrying / supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

• Change to a revenue-critical equipment or introduce a new revenue-critical equipment

• Change to P-Way systems/equipmentx or interface with P-Way systems/equipment

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items Yes No If no, please provide justification.

The captioned works do not involve the above items.

### 22. Concept of Design (ConDes)

ix Remind Project Controller and/or Lead Maintainer to register the new assets according to CGI 239 and Asset Registration guideline.

xInvolving high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance. 

$C o n D e s ^ { \xi } i s$

• SCS Design Change

• Design change for PSD, APG, MGF and floodgate [Specific SRS]

• Change to C1/C2 systems/equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 systems / equipment

• Redundancy for systems on controlling/ supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

• Modification affecting track adhesion performance / rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity

• New design affecting inter-system interface

• Application of technology that is newly introduced in MTR

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items? If yes, Yes   N please attach the ConDes to this EDoc. If no, please provide justification4. o

<!--    -->

### 23. Safety Impact of Trackside Equipment Installation – SG Infringement

23.1 Is the gauging and clearance assessment required according to  Yes No P/OD/AMS/041?

<!--    -->

If no, please provide justification.

23.2 Is the clearance requirement compiled with the requirement in S/NT-  Yes No Saf/DS/01(01)? 

If no, please state the endorsed SAFTEC Paper number and/or approved Operations Engineering Standard (OES) Waiver Request number which has/have been obtained.

### 23.3 State whether the trackside installation of fixed equipment with  Yes No potential hazardxii of Structure Gauge (SG) infringement during operations and maintenance.

If yes, please quote the hazard log reference and/or the ASRisk ID.

The preventive / monitoring measure is stated in the hazard log in Appendix B to mitigate the potential hazard.

If no, please provide justification.

### 24. New / Modified Trackside Installation in EAL

Is earth/equipotential bond required to add or modify on the traction return  Yes No rail?

xi Project Definition Documents such as Service Requirement Document (SRD), Functional Requirement Manual (FRM) might be used as a substitute to ConDes. 

xii The potential gauge infringement hazards during operations and maintenance, include operation/working condition and potential failure impacts on the systems, equipment or facilities.

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

If yes, please seek approval from EAL Bonding Review Working 

Group xiii (EALBRWG) and attached the endorsed form as record.

If no, please provide justification.

No works in EAL

xiii For EAL bonding application form, applicant shall seek MM-S&T EAL.

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure,

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

Approval List for Works Requiring EDOC Approval

(Engineering Works No. : ZCV20xxx )


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name & Title </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by(Designer or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YIU Alex Chun TingSr Construction Engineer – Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by(Design Manager or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adrian TanSr Construction Manager – Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by2 (GM-PP&D(O) or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHAN Taky Tsun KeiChief Projs Plan &Dev Mgr (Ops)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by 3(On behalf of CCB)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved and authorised by 6(Design Manager from HKTS only)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by 4 1(Design Manager or CCM from CWBU / HKPBU)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHONG Daniel Hing PongChief Design Manager –OYBKOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Independent Checked by 5(COAM / SOSoAM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 8(Lead T&ES Representatives)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NG Patrick Chi ChungLead Civil&Stn Fac Engg MgrLUI William Ching ManActing Lead Design Mgr-PWEngg</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Authorised by 7(CSE(Ops) or COES&I)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHAN HK Hing KeungChief of Ops Engg Serv & InnoTANG Simon Siu CheungDGM-Technical & Asset Engg</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 9(Maintainer)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 10(Asset Owner)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name & Title </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 11(Head of Line Group Management /HTO or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEE Andy Po WingChief Ops Mgr – AEL, TCL & DRL</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by(Project Controller)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FAN Dave Pui KiuSr. Railway Protection Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by(SHD Landlord)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TSUI Barry Ka FaiSenior Depot Manager -SHD</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Contract 1701 – Site Entrance and Level Crossing at Test Track for OYB Station Northern Structure, 

Bifurcation Area and Depot Edge Pile Issue/Rev.1 / 0

Notes:

1 Applicable to works on the Operating Railway by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Uni

2 Check is required by:- GM-PP&D(O) or delegates when (i) the work is Extension related (e.g. new lines) or (ii) the changes will be adopted in New Extension Projects as stated in Section 17; or (iii) when the work is major C&R works (e.g. station modification, ped-links etc).

3 Approval by relevant CCB(s) is required when works involves changes of software and configurations under the (P/OD/AMS/012) System Configuration Management and Change Control Procedure

4 Approval by Design Manager(s) or Chief Construction Manager (CCM) from CWBU/HKPBU is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorisation by COES&I or CSE(Ops).

5Independent Check is required for works which affect / modify on Safety Critical Systems or modify PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems] or for mitigating R1/R2 hazards of the Operating Railway; and shall be carried by Operations Assurance Section according to the scope of modification.

6 Approval by Design Manager(s) from HKTS is required for all works on the Operating Railway undertaken by HK

7 Authorisation from CSE(Ops)/ COES&I on their respective discipline is required when the works is:

- affecting / modifying on Safety Critical Systems, or

- modifying PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems]

- affecting the Fire Safety of the Railway, or

- for mitigating R1/R2 hazards, or

- works on OR undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit.

8 Endorsement by Lead T&ES Representatives is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorisation by COES&I or CSE(Ops). The Lead T&ES Representatives shall be identified based on the relevant discipline of the lead designer.

9 Endorsement by the relevant maintainer(s) is required when the works affect / introduce new maintenance procedures /practices.

10 Endorsement by the relevant Asset Owner is required when the works affects the cost of ownership for or life expectancy of the asset.

11 Head of Line Group Management’s delegated representatives is:-

a.) COM for modifications on (i) station based systems for specific line and/or specific station(s) & (ii) train services related modifications;

b.) Head of Traffic Operation (HTO) for modification on OCC migration systems and train service related issues such as equipment alteration or new equipment provision which have impact to the train service.

Endorsement by (Head of Line Group Management/HTO)’s delegated representatives is required when the works affect railway operations or operating procedure.

Engineering Drawings affected by this Engineering Work

The following circuit diagrams shall be updated 

&lt; Please also fill in the “Requisition for Drawing Service” (OPM781D/R1/04.97) &gt;


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing Title </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing no.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Summary of Comment Sheet(Engineering Works No. : ZCV20xxx )</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDOC Clause No.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commented by (and Date)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comments </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Action (including the decision and rationale if comment is not accepted)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!-- 米  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A-ProgrammeAppendix B -Hazard LogAppendix C-DrawingAppendix D- Method Statement (extract section 8)Appendix E - Presentation Materials</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 6

chopped with a red control stamp

