<!-- *MTR  -->


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSHK</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CET</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000173</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACC Reference Number:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1701</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSC</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000611</td>
</tr></table>

EDOC for Cross track duct at West Depot Entry Track and Test Track

Description:

Refer to HAZOP Meeting, dated on 17 May 2024, enclosed herewith the EDOC application for cross track duct at west depot entry track and test track, associated hazard log and presentation material for your review.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Revision</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reviewed by</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">A1</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/05/2024</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eleefery</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pang</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Martin Wong</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vincent Li</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max Leung</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paul Freeman/McGleenon</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eric Fong</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Position:</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssistantConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConstructionManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EngineeringManager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sr. Project Director/A.Project Director</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Director</td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">中國建築工程（香港）有限公司CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This document is controlled in soft copy.Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless chopped Page 1 of 1with a red control stamp</td>
</tr></table>

Engineering Document for Works

Part A

Engineering Works No:  ZCV20379


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Change History </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue/Rev. </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reason for Change </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/0 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">First Formal Issue </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/05/2024</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Part B

1. F1 No.  N/A

2. C&R Works No.  N/A

3. Baseline Programmei  Please refer to attached Appendix A


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing & Commissioning</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Completion </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Actions (Refer to Item 19)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHD PropertyDevelopment Contract 1701 –Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">June 2024 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">September 2024(tentatively)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

## 4. Description of works

## 4.1 Title  Contract 1701 – Cross track duct at West Depot Entry track and test track

## 4.2 Reason 

For the future Oyster Bay Station (South) and associated works construction, foundation and superstructure works are to be carried out. To facilitate the construction works for the foundation works in W2 (area between Test Track and mainline) and in W11 (area between North and South Roads), temporary water supply, power supply and temporary drainage system shall be set up and provided for construction works. The temporary services shall be passed through existing tracks including West Depot Entry Track (WDET) and Test Track (TT) to the construction areas. Cross track ducts (as pipe sleeve) shall be installed underneath the existing track for the installation of temporary services

## 4.3 Description 

1701 Contractor will carry out the installation of cross track ducting at West Depot Entry Track and Test Track respectively as per correlated latest approved method statement for temporary water supply with cross track duct under ACC Ref No. 1701-W-000-CSC-760-000132.

Precaution measures for various potential risks/situation have been reviewed and summarized in the hazard log referring to Appendix B.

B. Working Time 

Mainline: 3 nos of NTH per week (2:00am to 4:00am); 

Test Track: 3 night time (Friday^Saturday, Saturday^Sunday and one on weekday) per week or NPH subject to Depot Schedule;

Depot track: NTH (2:00am to 4:00am)/ NPH (11:00am to 3:00pm) daily;

C. Preparation Work

There are one group of 2 nos. cross track ducts proposed to be installed at the WDET (see Figure 1) and there are 3 groups of 6 nos. of cross track ducts proposed to be installed near the proposed level crossing at TT ( Nearby gate TT06, TT07 & TT0A ) (see Figures 2 & 3).

<!-- GL N GL P  -->

Figure 1-West Depot Entry Track

<!-- GL45-46 GL45 GL46 GL GL Q GL R  -->

Figure 2- Test Track


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

<!-- GL90 9GL70GL91 69-70 GL90-91  -->

Figure 3-Test Track

Before commencement of the installation, the following works shall be completed.

C.1 Setting Out

The location of cross track duct will be set out as per Construction Drawings or as agreed with MTR’s representatives on site.

Once the location has been set out a joint inspection will be held with MTR’s representatives on site and other stakeholders or the land owner’s/ occupier’s representatives to agree the location prior to further execution. At locations where the proposed cross track duct is unlikely to or dangerous to access for either installation or later monitoring works, relocation shall be considered. In principle, one PVC pipe sleeve to be 

installed between sleepers. As shown the following Figure-4.

Figure-4 Arrangement of cross track duct at test track

Referring to the railway safety requirements and construction drawings, if the proposed cross track duct is close to the OHL mast/track, CSHK will further verify the site conditions with MTR/ Depot Yard Master (DYM)representatives onsite to ensure that the proposed location meets the minimum safety distance and take relative precautions, such as de-energize, isolation, relocation…etc.

C.2 Cable Detection

Utility detection and Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) survey will be carried out after the area is fenced off and after the obstacle above ground are cleared. The details of carrying out utility detection shall follow the approved Method Statement for General Underground Utility Survey for Construction Area (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000095). 

C.3 Trial Pit

Trial Pits will be carried out in accordance with Permit-to-Dig System before start of the works. For details, please refer to separate submissions (ACC Reference No.: 170-W-000-CSC-760-000115).

C.4 Utility Diversion/ Abandoned Works

Any utilities required diversion or to be abandoned will be carried out with relevant approved EDOC prior to start the works.

C.5 Pre-construction survey

Pre-construction survey, Survey and UU detection will be carried out and completed before the commencement of the works, survey of existing MTR equipment at ground level. Reports to be submitted to MTR, showing the protections applying to the MTR equipment.

C.6 Instrumentation and Monitoring

Setting up instrumentation monitoring plan and taking initial readings as per the BD approved drawings. The method statement for setting up instrumentation monitoring is described in ‘Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Operations Area (OA)’ (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000122), EDOC for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works (ACC Reference Number 1701-W-000-CSC-143-000284) and (EDOC Reference Number ZCV20240)and ‘Method Statement for Instrumentation and Monitoring Works at Construction Area (CA)’ (ACC Reference Number 1701/W/000/CSC/760/000138). For those standpipe and piezometer, it will be installed at the location which are 10 meters far away from the existing live tracks.

AAA Levels will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures). A monitoring sequence can be found and will be used for the monitoring works in drawings no. C1701/B/OYB/OAP/C06/101, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Non–railway structures), and C1701/B/SHD/OAP/C06/102, Oyster Bay Station - Geotechnical Instrumentation and Monitoring General Notes for Foundation Works at Southern Structure (Railway structures).

D. Installation Procedure

The following are the installation sequence and method for different type of cross track ducts installation:

i. Excavate/ remove ballast manually.

ii. Install 150mm diameter PVC pipe sleeve and it shall be installed at least 50mm below the rail.

## iii. Backfill ballast and carry out compaction.

## iv. For water pipe, one gate valve will be installed at the both side of the track to stop supply in case of pipe burst.

<!-- Water Meter  -->

Plan

## v. Weekly inspection will be conducted to ensure the condition of the installation.

The following are the typical layout plan for the cross track ducts proposed to be installed at the WDET/TT.

<!-- Water Meter  -->

E. Maintenance Regime

i. All construction material shall be stored in designated area agreed with MTR. Stacking of material over 2m shall be avoided.

## ii. Removal of unnecessary construction materials / rubbish daily.

## iii. Coordinate with T&ES to conduct structure gauge check (after the proposed location setting out).

## iv. WPIC to ensure all installation follow the approved drawings (including the fixing details) and do not infringe structural gauge.Independent check shall be conducted by the WPIC. 

v. Post-construction inspection by WPIC and WPIC/MTR CM Team to examine workmanship and ensure all new parts are securely fixed / properly installed. 

## vi. Regular check and maintenance including water meter and gate valve of water main at the cross track duct shall be carried out.

vii. Use tool record sheet to record all the tools used for construction during each Possession Hour period PA works. 

viii. CP(T) to check the tool record sheet (with photo record) and ensure that all tools used in construction at track area are cleared away from the track area and do not leave at the track. 

ix. Thorough check through track areas to ensure clearance by CP(T).Line clear form to be submitted to YM.

4.4 Application  Cross track ducts installation works at West Depot Entry Tracks and Test Track during NTH 02:00 to 04:00 / NPH 11:00 to 15:00.

4.5 Category  N/A

4.6 In-house/Contract  CONTRACT 1701

4.7 Estimated Cost  Under SHD Property Development Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Trial project carried out by HKTS Business Yes  No

<!--    -->

Unit and costing &#36;4.5M or above

If yes, please attach the SMART Success Criteria for Trial

[Template can be obtained via the link below

http://opinfomall.corp.mtrc.com/dept_T&ES/tes_admin/other%20files/s mart%20success%20criteria%20for%20trials.docx]

### 5. Name and Title of Responsible Parties


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design Manager / Chief Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Project Controller / Project Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Implementer / Senior Construction Manager</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintainer / Asset Owner</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHONG Daniel Hing PongChief Design Manager –OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager –OYB Civil</td>
</tr></table>

### 6. Implication on Safety

• Affecting / modifying on Safety Critical System(s)ii  Yes   No If no, please provide justification.

There is no safety critical system involved.

• Confirming ISA Requirement for SCS Related Change  Yes   No Assessment Formiii is completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)If no, please provide justification.

There is no safety critical system involved.

• Modifying on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate iv [Specific Safety  Yes   No Related System(s)] 

<!--    -->

ii The list of Safety Critical Systems (SCS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

 For modification work on SCS or affects SCS, project controller of C&R work shall complete the assessment form.iv The list of Safety Related Systems (SRS) stipulated in Exhibits E1 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers. Independent safety review on operation and control, as well as signalling interface, shall be deployed for i) PSD and APG (automatic sliding door), ii) Floodgate and iii) MGF.


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Confirming ISR Requirement for Safety Related System Related Change Assessment Formvis completed (ref. P/OD/SMS/004)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"> No</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If no, please provide justification.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> There is no safety critical system involved.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Mitigation of R1 / R2 Hazards </td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"> Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> N</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">o</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Affecting Signal Sighting (ref. P/OD/SMS/028)If yes, please specify</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"> Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> N</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">o</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Affecting maintenance or operational requirements e.g. Safety-related Application Conditions (SRAC) / Safe Operating Requirements (SOR)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> N</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">o</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If yes, please specify in Section 19.</td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Submission of a paper to SAFTECviIf yes, please specify the paper number and if the paper has been accepted by SAFTEC </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> N</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">o</td>
</tr></table>

v For modification work on PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related System], Project Controller of C&R work shall complete the assessment form. E4 of P/OD/SMS/004 refers.

vi Refer to SAFTEC ToR in Operations Knowledge Mall, submission of a paper to SAFTEC is required for engineering work involving:-

• application of new technology;

• modifications to approved technical standards on operational / occupational / system safety (including deviations from approved technical standards);

• improvement on safety of the railway and other prescribed businesses in Hong Kong by mitigating R1 / R2 hazards; or

• modification which may induce high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

1. CP(T) or CP (NT) shall be full time looking after the railway safety and report to the OCC/ SC daily before and after the construction works. Full-time supervision shall be carried out by MTR Project Team under the approved MS during the construction work. Trucks and workers shall be restricted to use a designated route as delivery and worker’s pedestrian route within the site which shall be further agreed with the SHD Manager / YM.

## 2. Proper personal protective equipment shall be employed while carrying out of works.

3. The 1701 Contractor shall carry out temporary pedestrian / traffic diversion and implement TTM wherever the works will interfere with existing roads, footways or other ways over which there is a public or private right of way. Minimum width of EVA will be maintained at all times during the works.

4. Delivery of equipment shall be considered carefully and avoid damaging any structure on site such as depot warehouse, OHL, track work, light post, etc.

## 5. No storage of additional fuel for the rigs/plants is allowed.

6. Measures including sandbags and standby water pump shall be provided to avoid flooding.

7. Designated works area shall be fenced off by proper safety barriers with warning notices and shall be securely fastened together to prevent unauthorized entry. The detailed safety measures shall be specified in the method statement for the cable bridge construction works.

8. All workers shall receive Railway Safety Induction training and follow Railway Safety Rules (RSR).

The contractor’s person-in-charge (CPIC) shall be present at the work site at all times of work. The responsible person shall ensure that all sources of ignition are removed, all power supplies are isolated, and the work site is in a safe condition before leaving the site.

## 7. Implication on Fire Safety

• Affecting / modifying on Fire Safety System(s)   Yes   No

1. Smoking is not permitted on site.

2. Storage of flammable and dangerous materials are prohibited.

## 3. Cleaning of garbage shall be carried out regularly to maintain good housekeeping.

4. Fire extinguisher shall be provided at site container offices and each work front with mechanical plants/fire risk as identified in risk assessment (part 5 below).

5. Risk assessment shall be carried out to identify safety and fire hazard as well as the relevant control measures.

6. Grass cutting shall be arranged before any hot works.

7. Fire Management Plan will be followed as reference to the formal submission in ACC (Reference Number: 1701-W-000-CSC-705-000196.

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

• Implication to existing Fire Service Installations (FSIs)  No

# Example to implication:

- Obstructions to the existing active FSIsvii, including but not limited to sprinklers, detectors, hose reels, smoke curtain, natural smoke vent, some extraction outlet etc.

If yes, please provide the justification to demonstrate the compliance of statutory requirement.

## 8. Deployment of Licensed Staff on Safety Critical / Safety Related Work

This is not a safety critical / safety related works, but the following measures will be implemented to ensure safety.

## 1. Contractor shall work in compliance with the Corporation’s railway safety rules and procedures.

2. CP(T) or CP(NT) shall be deployed on site responsible for arranging protection and supervision of working parties for works carried out inside operating railway premises.

3. The 1701 Project Team CIOW and Safety teams will also put full teams on work supervision and site safety during the construction.

## 9. Implication on Operating Procedures

No implication on operating procedures.

## 10. Statutory Submissions

Are there any statutory submissions   Yes   No

If yes, please state the details:

[State any submission/approval dates and consequences of non-approval by external statutory parties]

## 11. Design Capacity / Design Limitviii

All permanent design works are designed to MTR NWDSM, M&W specification and GS, the related code of practice and HK regulations.

The temporary works for shoring support or working platform would be certified by nominated Temporary Works Co-ordinator (TWC), checked by TCPs and approved by MTR CWBU.

## 12. Electromagnetic Compatibility

No impact on the electromagnetic compatibility.

vii Refer to M&W Standards for the definition of obstruction.

1. S/EM-fss/MW/04(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Sprinkler System - Clause 10.10 & 10.17.

2. S/EM-fss/MW/03(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Fire Hydrant / Hose Reel System - Clause 7.1, 10.1, 11.13 & 11.14.

3. S/EM-fss/MW/02(99) - Material & Workmanship Standard for Automatic Fire Alarm and Detection System - Clause 4.1.10 to 4.1.13.

viii Refer to P/OD/AMS/015 for the definition, use and updating of design limits.

## 13. Implementation, Inspection, Testing or Commissioning Instruction

Prior to the commencement of works, the Contractor shall provide submission including detailed method statements with Inspection & Testing Plan (ITP) to MTR for approval

Before submission of EDOC, the method statement and ITP has been approved.

The proposed work shall be inspected and checked by MTR CSHK team under related ITP procedure,and will be registered by digital RISC forms under iSuper system for quality control.

All construction works shall be carried out according to the approved method statements and agreed safety plans and measures.

13.1 State the pre-requisite tests / safety precautions before allowing an item/system to be put in operation/testing on the Operating Railway, e.g. gauge checking, approach-locking distance, signal sighting etc., for:

• works on a Safety Critical System, or

• works on other items/system which may result in disruption to train services for more than 20 minutes or to station operation for more than 1 hour, if the change causes the item / system / its interfacing system(s) to fail to perform its intended function.]

13.2 Safety independent check [is/is not *] required for the installation, T&C in this modification.

[If not required, please provide justification.

Safety independent check is required for the modifications to safety critical systems / equipment / items as defined in the divisional procedure P/OD/SMS/004.]

13.3 On-Site Design Verification [is/is not *] required after Testing and Commissioning for the installation of this modification,

[Provide justification particularly when no or sample check on On-Site Design Verification is required by P/OD/AMS/015.]

NO on-site design verification is required, as no major modification on existing equipment and/or safety critical systems is envisaged for the captioned works. 

## 14. Design Standards / Manuals / Procedures / References

• Works to be designed and constructed to comply with the latest requirement of: -

• Contract 1701 Scope of Work

• MTR New Work Design Standard Manual (NWDSM)

• MTR Operation Division Safety Requirement and Information for Contractors

• Operation Division Railway Safety Rule

• Approved method statement

## 15. Environmental Management

The Contract shall follow all requirements and conditions set on Environmental Permit issued by EPD.All construction waste, dust and noise will be controlled during construction.

## 16. Configuration Management

N/A

## 17. Application to New Extension Projects

N/A

## 18. Other Concerns / Instructions

Prior to site construction, the Contractor shall conduct site survey, route verification and measurement.

19. Impact of the works (Please mark the appropriate check box)

[State any concerns (other than those mentioned in other parts of this EDOC) that this test, trial or modification may have]


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Impact on </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsible Parties(Name & Title)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actions Required</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.1 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operations Manuals / Procedures </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.2 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintenance Manuals / Procedures / Work Instructions/ Schedules</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.3 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spare parts catalogues and stock levels</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.4 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfaced Systems </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.5 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawings, and schematic and wiring diagram if applicable</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.6 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Training for staff </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.7 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Registration of new assetsix </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.8 </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Any other related matters (please specify)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
</tr></table>

20. Incoming Goods Inspection (IGI) Requirements

⚫ The contractor will be responsible for the inspection of all material prior to the installation on site.

21. FMECA

[FMECA is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:

• Change to a SCS / introduce a new SCS

• Change to PSD/APG/MGF/floodgate [Specific SRS]

• Affecting or Interface with SCS

Act as measures to mitigate R1/ R2 hazards

• Change to C1/ C2 systems / equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 system / equipment

• Introduce a new design (i.e. new hardware or change to hardware / modify a hardware involving non-standard design)

• Redundancy for systems on controlling / carrying / supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

• Change to a revenue-critical equipment or introduce a new revenue-critical equipment

• Change to P-Way systems/equipmentx or interface with P-Way systems/equipment

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items  Yes No If no, please provide justification.

The captioned works do not involve the above items.

## 22. Concept of Design (ConDes)

ConDesxi is mandatory for engineering works involving any of the following:

• SCS Design Change

• Design change for PSD, APG, MGF and floodgate [Specific SRS]

• Change to C1/C2 systems/equipment or introduce a new C1/C2 systems / equipment

• Redundancy for systems on controlling/ supplying power to Signalling or Power Remote Control

• Modification affecting track adhesion performance / rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity

• New design affecting inter-system interface

• Application of technology that is newly introduced in MTR

The engineering works involving any of the above-mentioned items? If yes,  Yes No please attach the ConDes to this EDoc. If no, please provide justification4.

The captioned works do not involve the above items.

xInvolving high consequence risk including derailment or train collision which affecting rail integrity / switch and crossing integrity / track adhesion performance. 

xi Project Definition Documents such as Service Requirement Document (SRD), Functional Requirement Manual (FRM)might be used as a substitute to ConDes. 

## 23. Safety Impact of Trackside Equipment Installation – SG Infringement

23.1 Is the gauging and clearance assessment required according to  Yes No P/OD/AMS/041?

If no, please provide justification.

There is no SG infringement for the captioned works.

23.2 Is the clearance requirement compiled with the requirement in S/NT- Yes Saf/DS/01(01)? 

If no, please state the endorsed SAFTEC Paper number and/or approved Operations Engineering Standard (OES) Waiver Request number which has/have been obtained.

## 23.3 State whether the trackside installation of fixed equipment with  Yes No potential hazardxii of Structure Gauge (SG) infringement during operations and maintenance.

If yes, please quote the hazard log reference and/or the ASRisk ID.

The preventive / monitoring measure is stated in the hazard log in Appendix B to mitigate the potential hazard.

# If no, please provide justification.

## 24. New / Modified Trackside Installation in EAL

Is earth/equipotential bond required to add or modify on the traction return  Yes No rail?

If yes, please seek approval from EAL Bonding Review Working Group xiii (EALBRWG) and attached the endorsed form as record.

# If no, please provide justification.

No works in EAL

xii The potential gauge infringement hazards during operations and maintenance, include operation/working condition and potential failure impacts on the systems, equipment or facilities.

xiii For EAL bonding application form, applicant shall seek MM-S&T EAL.

Approval List for Works Requiring EDOC Approval

(Engineering Works No. : ZCV20379 


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name & Title </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared by(Designer or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YIU Alex Chun TingSr Construction Engineer – Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by(Design Manager or delegate)1 (SCM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TAN Adrian Choong MengSr Construction Manager - Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Checked by2 (GM-PP&D(O) or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHAN Taky Tsun KeiChief Projs Plan &Dev Mgr (Ops)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by 3(On behalf of CCB)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved and authorised by 6(Design Manager from HKTS only)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approved by 4 1(Design Manager or CCM from CWBU / HKPBU)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHONG Daniel Hing PongChief Design Manager –OYBKOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Independent Checked by 5(COAM / SOSoAM or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 8(Lead T&ES Representatives)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NG Patrick Chi ChungLead Civil&Stn Fac Engg MgrLUI William Ching ManActing Lead Design Mgr-PWEngg</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Authorised by 7(CSE(Ops) or COES&I)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHAN HK Hing KeungChief of Ops Engg Serv & InnoTANG Simon Siu CheungDGM-Technical & Asset Engg</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 9(Maintainer)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 10(Asset Owner)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB Civil</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development

Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works

Cross Track Ducts at West Depot Entry Track and Test Track Issue/Rev. 1 / 0


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Responsibilities </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name & Title </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signature </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by 11(Head of Line Group Management /HTO or delegate)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LEE Andy Po WingChief Ops Mgr – AEL, TCL & DRL</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by(Project Controller)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KOO Raymond Kai OnChief Construction Manager – OYB</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FAN Dave Pui KiuSr. Railway Protection Engineer</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endorsed by(SHD Landlord)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TSUI Barry Ka FaiSenior Depot Manager -SHD</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>

Notes:

1 Applicable to works on the Operating Railway by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit.

2 Check is required by:- GM-PP&D(O) or delegates when (i) the work is Extension related (e.g. new lines) or (ii) the changes will be adopted in New Extension Projects as stated in Section 17; or (iii) when the work is major C&R works (e.g. station modification, ped-links etc).

3 Approval by relevant CCB(s) is required when works involves changes of software and configurations under the (P/OD/AMS/012) System Configuration Management and Change Control Procedure

4 Approval by Design Manager(s) or Chief Construction Manager (CCM) from CWBU/HKPBU is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorisation by COES&I or CSE(Ops).

5Independent Check is required for works which affect / modify on Safety Critical Systems or modify PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems] or for mitigating R1/R2 hazards of the Operating Railway; and shall be carried by Operations Assurance Section according to the scope of modification.

6 Approval by Design Manager(s) from HKTS is required for all works on the Operating Railway undertaken by HKTS. 

7 Authorisation from CSE(Ops)/ COES&I on their respective discipline is required when the works is:

- affecting / modifying on Safety Critical Systems, or

- modifying PSD/APG/MGF/Floodgate [Specific Safety Related Systems]

- affecting the Fire Safety of the Railway, or

- for mitigating R1/R2 hazards, or

- works on OR undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit.

8 Endorsement by Lead T&ES Representatives is required for works on the Operating Railway undertaken by Capital Works Business Unit or Hong Kong Property Business Unit prior to the authorisation by COES&I or CSE(Ops). The Lead T&ES Representatives shall be identified based on the relevant discipline of the lead designer.

9 Endorsement by the relevant maintainer(s) is required when the works affect / introduce new maintenance procedures / practices.

10 Endorsement by the relevant Asset Owner is required when the works affects the cost of ownership for or life expectancy of the asset.

11 Head of Line Group Management’s delegated representatives is:-

a.) COM for modifications on (i) station based systems for specific line and/or specific station(s) & (ii) train services related modifications;

b.) Head of Traffic Operation (HTO) for modification on OCC migration systems and train service related issues such as equipment alteration or new equipment provision which have impact to the train service.

Endorsement by (Head of Line Group Management/HTO)’s delegated representatives is required when the works affect railway operations or operating procedure.

Engineering Drawings affected by this Engineering Work

The following circuit diagrams shall be updated 

&lt; Please also fill in the “Requisition for Drawing Service” (OPM781D/R1/04.97) &gt;


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing Title </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawing no.</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Summary of Comment Sheet(Engineering Works No. : ZCV20379 )</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDOC Clause No.</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commented by (and Date)</td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comments </td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Action (including the decision and rationale if comment is not accepted)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
</tr></table>


<table border="1" ><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendices (Identify and include additional information in the submission package)</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td>
<td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix A-ProgrammeAppendix B-Hazard LogAppendix C-Method Statement (extract section 7)</td>
</tr></table>

中國建築工程（香港）有限公司 This document is controlled in soft copy.

CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING (HONG KONG) LIMITED Any hard copies seen are uncontrolled unless Page 1 of 4

chopped with a red control stamp

